+	I don't understand how so many people have battery problems here .  I haven't experienced any of them .  My G3 D855 came with lollipop .  You must have a faulty battery or using heavy apps .  Unless all other variants except the D855 are faulty .  My advice is to stick with V5 . 0 don't do any updates not even 5 . 02 until 6 . 0 is out .
+	this device is best .  .  . it gets a bit hot when playing games but nonetheless it's a great experience
+	I think its a good buy for the price and very durable phone
+	Excellent phone ,  I buy an French model made in Korea .  How can I clean a cash system memory  ?      ?      ?
+	The best phone I have ever owned !  !  ! It is just amazing and so comfortable ! The UI needs some work but I hope it will be fixed in the marshmallow update . I really recommend this phone to anybody
+	Its a battery issue .  Mine also used to happen the same . so i replaced the battery and now everything is fine .  No regrets whatsoever .
+	As I said previously ,  I did not encounter any heat problems with my G3 ,  now I have it since 2 weeks and I really like it ,  I have very few lag ,  and milli second really ,  My screen is nice it doesn't have any real tint ,  yellow or other ,  the camera as I said is awesome  ,  really fast and crisp for a phone ,  I have nothing more to say  ,  I really enjoy it and I don't regret my purchase
+	I had this phone on OS 5 . 0 and I do not encounter any heating problem like some state !  however a new OS 6 . 0 come out in two week time .  There are no problem with the battery or lagging issue !  If you having it on wireless charging then there will be some heat as any other wireless charger since the transfer of energy will generated heat !  : )
+	I've got my LG G3 32GB 3GB ram : since one week now ,  I am a moderate user ,  few calls ,  plenty of SMS  ,  few games ,  solitaire and jewel quest 5 ,  average photo taker ,  few internet browsing .  .  . my battery stay easily 2 days ,  during the night it loose 1%  !  !  !  so far so good  .  .  . the screen is nice my wife has a Z3 and yes her screen is a little bit better but even in full light I can see my screen perfectly ,  so again so far so good . the camera is awesome again compare to the 20Mp of the Z3 mine is faster  ,  charper  ,  I am talking about basic picture I mean without any setting just out of the box now you can always set it the way you want ,  but again very pleasant to use . now the UI  ,  yes from taime to time it seems that there is few hold  ,  a micro second or so  ,  but the interface is as pleasant to use as samsung for instance ,  I got a note 3 so I know what I am talking about  .  .  .  again so far so good .  .  .  I have android 5 . 0 . the buttons in the back are easy to use I didnt get any problems to adapt my myself to that .
+	Dude , the phone is awesome ! especially for that price too .  I bought like 4 months ago and dont regret it .  Everything is good about it ,  the battery life ,  display ,  camera and it runs really fast ,  even when u have many apps open at the same time .  The only down side is that there isnt soo much space to put in ur pocket if u have skinny jeans on lol .  I recommend the gold one ,  looks amazing !  :D
+	Got mine summer of 2015 and love it .  It was well after the G4 same out so it was pretty much free as an upgrade phone .  They only thing that would make it better would be a stylus imo .  They have some nice aftermarket styluses you can buy but the good ones are a little pricey .  Learned how to make my own capacitive stylus and am using them with good results .  The only way to get a better phone right now is shell out a lot more money .  You might get 3 more megapixels on camera .  But considering it has a laser range finder for focus I have nothing less than spectacular results .  The time to get this phone is now so hurry up unless money is no object .
+	I really like the G3 .  Though ,  despite the large battery ,  I find my G3 seems to die a lot .  And when charging it can take up to five hours !  Other than the battery though I find it works great .
+	Hi guys I hear a lot of people complaining about the lg g3 laggin so much well I found a solution that might help a lot of you as it worked for me just follow these hidden settings / features .  My G3 is very fast and smooth I'm on kit Kat I suffered the lag too I tried everything possible all the apps and factory reset I'm gona leave a link it's easy it doesn't need root and its safe good luck
+	Really I loved this phone so much ,  In the past I was hating any android phones because I was using iPhone along with iOS system .
+	But when I got this phone I loved android phones and LG products also .  Now I am using all the time and I didn't notice any bad features . I enjoyed with the camera and the high performance battery ,  but the most noticed this is the amazing screen quality ,  it is the best at all .  I am intending to don't change LG brand ,  Now I am thinking to upgrade to LG V10 when it will be available in my country .
+	Just upgraded my LG G2 to G3  ,  im very happy at the moment ,  only for the few cosmetic problems around the mic .  Its seems common problem with G3 too bad it was brand new anymore ,  but if LG would change it ,  i will be happy : )
+	No problem ever auto focus camera lens in smartphone make little sound when u shake it because auto focus camera lens little bi move able when it focus thats why its no any problem to the camera  . i checked this in almost all phone  .
+	Been using this phone for 8 months now and its incredible !  If you want better battery life lower brightness  &  dont play heavy games .  I did notice the D855 32GB model has fewer factory faults as well .  Ive been able to play any game without lag  &  havnt notice any issues so far .  If you get lag in the UI just speed up the animations or put them off  &  it will run like a beast .  As for lollipop ,  my phone came with it  &  it works fine I dont see any problems yet .
+	very good phone
+	LG G3 is better
+	Very good quality for small price .  The camera is excelente ,  the screen imagem very good ,  wi-fi is the best .  Very light ,  about 150gr
+	Just bought this phone last night ,  after only 24 hours use I feel I can say THIS PHONE IS AWESOME
+	m soo happy with LG G3 16gb .  .  .  It did all what i expect from it .  .  .  Only the negative point is its battery timing .  .  .  I think bcoz of its highly efficent display .  .  .  It doesnt matter .  .  .  Bcoz i love this .  .  .
+	I dropped my phone in water .  And it still works perfectly fine
+	looks great with great screen
+	I agree ,  no other phone feels this good in the hand and has this thin bezel .  BUt yes the software is abit laggy ,  im waiting for the Android M update and hoping it will resolve the issue
+	This is a great phone held back by poor software .  Ive used its rival the galaxy S5  &  you can notice it runs faster  &  smoother than the G3 .  The software is also much more optimized when compared to the G3 .  Dual windows supports more apps ,  S5 has more setting tweaks .  Finally this phone is amazing but LG couldv made it better .
+	This phone is AMAZING .  Don't know why some people complain about different things .  If you know how to take care of your phone ,  the phone will take care of you .  Don't install all kind of apps ,  clean from time to time ,  do a factory reset from time to time ,  update and everything should be OK . This phone is fast ,  beautiful screen ,  battery is good ,  looks awesome and is very cheap .
+	I have this phone since Dec 2014 .  I have no major issue with the phone except sometimes I tried to double tap the screen which should turn on the screen but it ends up on for 1 second and turn itself off again .  I had to try a few times in order to get it working .  Other than that ,  I have no bluetooth issue and battery life is okay  ( 1 to 2 days per charge ,  with data usage + web browsing for an hour ot two = 1 day /  charge .
+	Excellent phone .  The LG hardware is the best out there on par with the Apple for look and feel .  LG software is good quality  ( email , calculator , tv remote )  ,  LG default themes are very child-like but once you de-clutter and customise it they are great devices .
+	i enjoy my phone whole day .  read and listen first before update .  make a research .
+	the phone is great its never slow no lag .  but the battery is not the best under heavy use you can see the battery going down really fast .
+	Yes Camera is Fabulous  !  !  !
+	You can buy this  .  its awesome phone  .  great battery and features  .
+	Go for g3 dude !  !
+	Everything is well except mobile hotspot function .  When I try it .  Message comes " Authentication was unsuccessful "
+	G3 has nice camera
+	it depends on how much u r planning to use this phone for watching and playing games .  btw ,  i dont play much or watch many movies on phones .  So m not the r8 person to ask .  but according to my usage ;  which includes watsapp ,  facebook on all the tym ,  4g and gps on all the tym ,  some casual gaming that too sometimes and offcourse music ;  dis phone lasts a day easily with around 20-25% battery left . Hope it answers ur ques ,  else ask the right person who spends majority of tym watching or playing games on G3 .
+	I hav been using g3 since june and m loving each and every day .  Buy the 3gb ram version .
+	I've bought this phone about 4 months ago .  1st 2 months with this phone were awesome
+	I have owned this phone for 6 months .  Great all round phone ,  body to size ratio is one of the best around ,  screen is nice and crisp ,  battery life is around 4-5 hours of on screen time ,  Will last 20 - 24 hours with moderate to heavy use ,  don't use it much for gaming as I prefer my ps4 . I have the 32gb 3gb of ram model .  Brightness I keep at 60% no auto brightness .  Rear facing speaker is ok but could be louder .  For the price a great phone and with the confirmed update to 6 . 0 coming pretty future proof .
+	I Purchased G3 D858 Dual LTE a few days ago .  Its an amazing smartphone .  Has a superb processor speed ,  Rich resolution ,  software with an awesome user interface having rich features ,  powerful camera .  Battery life is far above than what people are commenting for .  So for I didn't find any issue with its performance .  I found this set top most of all the smartphones like lumia ,  p lite ,  xperia ,  even I found it far better than note 3 .
+	I bought this phone .  I can say just I LOVE IT .  Before i was have a Sony z3 i can say its a also good phone but i chose to goo for LG G3 .  Many people say that this phone have a lot problem but why i dont have it  ?     They say Battery problem but i dont see that problem .  If you play a games of course batery will drain normaly
+	g3 is flagship phone and still future proof phone .  The build quality ,  looks ,  Music quality ,  Camera ,  Screen are just great .  If u can buy g3 ,  blindly buy it dude .
+	I hav been using g3 since june dis year and m just living each n everyday wid it .  its an awesome phone
+	Yes it is a bit dim under sunlight ,  but i don't mind .  About gaming i don't play games on my g3 (  battery )  .  On paper 2k screen seems spectacular ,  but really i don't see much of a difference with a 1080p lg g2 .  Its just specs .  Overall the g3 ok for its price and honestly it has features which should be standard on all android phones .  As i said if you don't buy the g3 aim higher .
+	best phone ever i had it about 1 week .  .  I love it .  .  Smart genious very fast and awesome display battery is amazing for those who say that the battery is bad i want to tell you that its a long life battery just keep your brightness on AUTO no freeze no faults 32 gega also is much better with 3G of ram i just love it
+	Hi i see your delima ,  i have the g3 its a great phone except the battery .  If you plan to play games then this is not a phone for you .  G3 has excellent standby time but on heavy us it trains very fast .
+	i agreed its really a best battery superb phn it is like it alot have cat6 to faster
+	LG g3 battery is best it gives almost 34 hour backup on normal use
+	best mob for lg g3
+	Now its a good phone also ,  but i read anout bad softer hi have a lolipop
+	I am using LG G3 , 2GB Ram version . Everything is very good
+	I got a LG G3 2GB of RAM .  I really enjoy it .
+	I love this phone and it's not a bad choice esp when it will get Android 6 . 0 soon
+	it works very smooth no lags ,  heating is a mild even i play heavy games with wifi and sometimes data connection . im very happy to have this kind of phone lots of features .  dula window is a wiiner and knock2 code as well .  and i charge it at almost 1 1 / 2 hours and sometimes 2hrs .  when i play a lot draining the battery is not kind of fast .
+	no lags ,  no heating issue .  very smooth
+	I love this phone think its one of the best
+	I play lots of games on my G3 ,  I tried Modern Combat 5 ,  Leo's fortune ,  Implosion ,  Nova 3 ,  WWE Immortals ,  shadow fight 2 ,  it can play all these games without any issues ,  Snapdragon 801 handles it very well ,
+	Nope ,  no battery or heating issues so far ,  get the phone ,  experience the features ,  you won't regret
+	there is no overheating issues with 808 processor .
+	Battery is not good I agree ,  QHD display consumes a lot battery ,  on a heavy usage I get around 3 hrs of SOT ,  not bad : )  ,  recently purchased One plus 2 and you have to believe me ,  G3 is a lot better .
+	Go with LG G3 ,  no second thought about it
+	It's been only 4 months I have started using this phone .  .  .  . loving the features
+	I'm fully satisfied with the phone
+	Thrice I dropped my phone ,  still no cracks on the screen ,  however already I applied tempered screen glass protector ,  don't take the chances better you go with tempered screen glass protector
+	A very good phone , had faced no problems
+	Phone battery is excellentvery good for medium to few heavy browsing / gaming .  G3 screen is a visual treat .  Except some noticeable lags in the UI ,  G3 is best bet in the price tag .  Hope LG fixes the lag as earliest .  I am using with 32gb internal storage but not tested with the performance if i add micro sd to it .
+	Awesome phone good speed and display also camera
+	almost all are good
+	lg g3 the battery is better .  its not draining fast even i play an online game  ( coc )  or watching videos in youtube . and any social apps .  in normal usages it took a day befor it will drain .
+	i really enjoy this device !  lots of Features .  lots of things to do !  : )  )  )
+	i brought this phone last monday .  and its a very nice phone .  the phone is D855 made in korea with 32gb and 3gb of ram .  the headset is made in colombia ,  charger and battery are made in china .  i really enjoy this phone with stock android version kitkat 4 . 4 . 2 .  i've read a lot about the update .  i want to upgrade the software but i feel smooth on my kitkat version .
+	I am also using it for about 4 months now I feel the same .  The battery lasts a full day but if you play heavy games the battery drains fast
+	Absolutely brilliant .  S3 screen had over saturated colors ,  but g3 sceen is awesome .  Even if u dont want to use ur phone ,  then also u would just play with the screen just to look at it .
+	One of the best sounding phones in the market .  I hav heard the music from HTC One M8 and it was great .  Though the music of G3 is not better than M8 but it is no less than it .  Its great .
+	The Laser autofocus is great .  The camera takes great pics and videos .  No concerns in that part .
+	its awesome .  Though the phone is made of plastic ,  it does not feel like plastic at all .  Build quality is also great .  just have the phone in ur hands and experience it .  The buttons at the back are innovative and actually more practical than the buttons on the side .
+	The ease of use of this phone is at a high level .  Double tap to wake and double tap to lock makes the phone too easy to use .  Knock code feature is another great innovation from lg .  The phone does not hang or lag in general UI .  Its just fun to use this phone .
+	Design wise is very nice ,  hands down for the screen ,  battery is pretty good taking in consideration the screen  (  a full charge is enough to get you through the day )  ,
+	Hey i have 6 months eith my g3  .  .  Is amazing phone .  .  U gonna be in love with his hd camera  .  . the other phone is good but it can win with g3  .  .  For me is best phone ever : )
+	Excellent screen including slim bezels Solid performance will run any task or game without lag Very good camera Solid software package  great design amazing earphones included
+	This is a nearly perfect phone .  Haven't experienced heating issues .
+	10 months on and I couldn't be happier with this phone .  All screen ,  and the battery life is quite good .  Any  " lag "  issues must have been sorted out by the time I got mine .  I have none of that .
+	Lg g3 is great phone
+	I am using lg g3 it is great phone .
+	I have one and it has really good battery life and very little lag
+	I've have it for 8 months and 0 lag .  With a battery saver i get more than a days life out of it with text and internet .  Great camera too .
+	This is a great phone overall its solid .  The battery life is good can last a full day but the stanby time is rubbish .  the phone uses like 5% every hour when idle and thats probably because of the screen .  Lets hope the future updates can reduce this issue .  But i can assure you this phone will blast through any game performance is top notch
+	I use this phone from 2 months i have full root and installed CloudyG3 2 . 5 everything is working perfectly except for that sometimes it slows down cuz of overheating and thats the only problem that i have for now
+	I've been using for a year and advise you to buy LG G3 ,  it works fine guys
+	I am using this LG G3 32 internal from last 8 months and its an awesome device
+	Superb Phone !  Battery life is pure awesome been using this daily and gives me battery back up for like 30 hours with wifi / 4g on moderate use while 18-24 hours with heavy use on one full charge !  No fancy battery apps or whatever installed .  I don't know why other people complain battery back up of this unit but my unit is working perfectly
+	Best battery and also fast
+	It's amazing mobile
+	Hey g3 battery life is good .  One can get 4 . 30 hrs of sot easily if not playing games
+	Yes you are right .  The G3 is one of the best phones .  On the box it says winner of the global phone awards 2014 .
+	When Full charged ,  and playing an online 3D game ,  I can only use my phone for a roughly 5hrs playing time .
+	What you said is correct . I too was using LG G3 from past one year and had not found any lag . Even it is a 5 . 5 inch screen it is easy to operate with one hand . Camera is good . I am getting screen time of 5hours on heavy usage
+	I just got my LG G3 yesterday .  And I'm loving it !  LG rocks !  !  !
+	Phone is buttery smooth , music and screen are awesome ,  takes great pics ,  records fantastic videos and battery lasts 35-40 hrs  ( according to my usage of the phone )  .  I am happy with dis phone
+	great camera for image and video recording and powerful sensor and 4k support with laser AF support and many other advantages
+	screen size is awesome and 4k and have over 538 ppi pixel density
+	have great internal and external storage depend on which version u are using 16gb with 2gb of ram or 32 GB with 3 GB of ram
+	LG G3 specs are really good . 13 mp camera . 3000mah battery  . Excellent stuff .  .  android 4 . 4 . 2 I didn't care for with my Moto G  /  but I got the update to 5 and it was a great phone for the price .  Lollipop has a super battery management system .  My battery went from lasting 1 . 5 days to 4 - 5 days
+	I love lg g3 best smartphone
+	I would definitely go for G3 .  Bigger screen with higher resolution ,  faster processor ,  better camera and removable battery .  I have the G3 now ,  and it's much better than the S5 I've had before .  And S5 is much better than A5 ,  so just go for the G3 : )
+	this phone is amazing for anyone who wants to buy it but i must say the battery is average for 3000mah .  i tried everything even apps to save battery but still getting barely 4hrs screen on time .  by the way im a light user just use social networking at most and the battery drains even when im not using the phone with battery saver on .  the qhd display is too much for this battery .
+	This is a great phone
+	battery life of g3 is awesome .  .  i get 30-35 hrs regularly which is quite decent atleast for me
+	but g3 is overall more innovative ,  customizable and fun .  .  . plus i genuinly think the lg g3 looks really classy : )
+	the phone was superb
+	g3 best phone
+	It's beautiful
+	just bought my LG G3 D855 2weeks back .  .  . its really a great device .  . camera , sound quality and wifi are awesome
+	Not at all ,  everything is smooth
+	One of the best phones i ever used , it's very fast also can play 4k videos .  .  .
+	I bought LG G3 few days ago and it is absolutely fantastic device .  Very smooth interface ,  very snappy and fast ,  excellent camera and display ,  gorgeous design .  The Wi-Fi works much better than on my Galaxy Nexus and has a way better signal under a same conditions .  Also ,  the 32 GB of inbuilt storage is more than enough and I wont go for memory card so far .  Also  ,  audio quality is great and the sound is superb .  I would rate the device 10 of 10 ,  best buy for 365$ only
+	I don't get some of the negative reviews .  I've had this phone for a week and a half now ,  under a Virgin Mobile plan in Canada .  This fan is perfect .  Absolutely flawless ,  and makes me lust for the G4 which was just released .  I've watched hours of Netflix on it ,  social networking ,  gaming and the battery life is just fine .  I think the problem is everybody's got a million things active on their phone all at once and it's going to drain any battery when you run GPS ,  Bluetooth ,  Wi-Fi ,  Wireless and who knows what else at the same time .  The battery charges quickly as well .  It's a beautiful phone and rivals some of the big money phones out there .  The camera and recording mike are awesome as well .  I recorded a friend's band playing live and everyone was shocked at the video and sound quality
+	Battery life is much better on note 3 .  Every note has great battery life
+	beautiful phone
+	I just bought it yesterday .  Moon Violet color .  It's beautiful ,  and pretty hard to find here in my country .  First boot up ,  straight update to Lollipop then I hard reset it ( you can find it on youtube how to hard reset LG G3 )  .  It's running like a charm .  Its fast ,  just a minor stutter every time I pulled down fast the notification drawer ,  mainly its because LG's software optimization .  yeahh it's a bit warm at the back of the phone when using heavy apps like youtube ,  a bit gaming ,  I mean every phone tend to heat a bit when running multiple heavy apps ,  what phone doesn't  ?     Camera is superb !  Love it very much .  Battery is good enough for me ,  standby time is excellent ,  when browsing the internet battery drops pretty fast .  Not like crazy fast ,  but it's enough to get through the whole day with average usage
+	If looks matter ,  then g3 is a clear winner .  No doubt about it at all . Snappiness: both have snapdragon 801 but G3  ( 32 GB )  model has 3 Gb of ram which comes into play if u hav many apps open at once .  Say ,  for instance ,  facebook ,  twitter ,  watsapp ,  google now etc .  So g3 is much better in dis regard .  s5 will re-launch the app ,  so its of no use
+	I feel the laser autofocus + OIS steals d show here .  Swift focusing with image stabilization hence better picture .
+	my friend with an s5 saw my g3 and he was like - how good dis screen is .  So u can guess .  .  . better ppi means better screen claritySo ,  in d end ,  its a no brainer .  Go for G3 .
+	G3 is the best choice .
+	i'm using G3 about 4 months now .  everything is good .
+	It's a superb phone . i love the screen size , 16GB memory , 3GB Ram .  .  . and my 12 pixel camera
+	It ported UI 4 . 0 and its superfast it doesnt heat up and your battery will last you whole day heavy use .  Before cloudyg3 I was thinking about selling my G3 but now I dont even care about any other phone ,  Running 3 users and its still super fast switching users .  Speakers is louder even listening too music with headphone sounds more superb .  Try it and I'm sure You will never regret owning G3
+	The phone is superb in every aspect .  the only issues were brightness  &  battery life but if u uncheck auto brightness n keep it on 50% u wont have a problem .  battery will last just over one day but heavy users wil have a problem .  That screen is the best Ive seen  &  even the S6 dosnt look that good as AMOLED screens are too blackish
+	I have my LG G3 D855 ,  running 5 . 0 OS for 3 months now .  No complains at all .  No overheating .  No forced reboot .  Battery back up is very good .  Am using the phone for internet only  ( internet sim 4g )  .  Playing games is great  ( Clash of Clans )  .  Camera is very good .  QuadHD Display is excellent .  No troubles at all .  Just waiting for the latest OS
+	good devices . already use for 1 year . just have a problem with the battery . if you want more powerfull . use custom rom with UI from G4 . love it . smooooth .  .  !  !  !  !
+	Honestly ,  water resistance in a phone is not such a big deal for me cos I may end up not utilizing the functionality even for one day
+	I recently bought this phone and I must say I like it a lot .  the design is great ,  I love the thin bezels .  no over heating problems so far with standard use  ( calls / sms ,  and an hour or two of wi-fi usage a day )  ,  camera is downgraded from G2 though ,  I miss the manual settings from G2 ( iso ,  wb , etc .  )  but still takes good quality pictures .  battery is decent ,  can last 24-36 hours depending of course on usage .  .  display is excellent but actually a bit too much  ( 1440x2560 )  ,  1080p resolution would've sufficed and probably extend the battery a bit longer .  UI is great too ,  I like LG's designs and customization options .  so far ,  I'm liking this phone a lot .  : )
+	Guys ,  i bought this beast after much research .  .  .  . This phone is awesome .
+	guys the pix were awesome ,  better than my digicam
+	Speaker volume is high .  .  .  .  and music quality is top notch .  .  .
+	Screen is awesome to look at .  .  .  .
+	battery life is good .  .  .  .  .  gives me 1 day of full charge .  .  .  .  i use whatsapp ,  calling ,  camera ,  music on speaker ,  and 8 ball pool .  .  .  .
+	I bought mine yesterday an charged straight away ,  by 3PM it was 100% .  It is now 5PM today  (  26 hours after )  ,  the battery is still 89% !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  really love this product
+	So I have the LG G3 LTE model and until recently was enjoying it very much but then the following happened .  .  .  The touchscreen is SUPER SENSITIVE
+	Good battery life but inferior to predecessor
+	The camera is a great workhorse and will really turn out some good images ,  even under low light .  All told ,  there's little to complain about ,  save for the fact that my test unit was a Korean-specific model  ( I'd like to test the LTE and see how the battery holds out so review will be updated )  .  This should be one of the best Android phones you can buy right now and it will last quite a while in terms of specs
+	The size of the screen for the overall size of the phone is incredible and is what sparked my initial interest .  The 2k screen is very impressive to look at ,  but is a bit overkill .  I've heard that the human eye can't tell the difference much over 300 PPI  ( pixels per inch )  This phone has over 500 .  Most flag ship phones these days are over 350 PPI .  I have had no problems with brightness .  I have it set to 66% and auto adjust and it is always bright enough for me .
+	The camera is very impressive ,  but has an annoying lack of features and I wish it had more .  For some reason the camera comes set to lower resolution then max out of the box ,  but can be easily changed in settings .  Low light shots are impressive and with the auto setting makes this one step short of a stand alone point and shoot .
+	One of my favorite features is actually the IR blaster and the stock quick remote APP .  I will admit this is my first phone with a IR blaster ,  but it makes the hunt for the remote none existent .  I have programmed all the needed buttons for all my devices on to one screen .  The only real draw back is I have to aim a little more carefully than with my normal remote for it to work .
+	The LG G3 is a beautiful piece of hardware .  The screen is not as responsive as I expected ,  and the phone gets very hot very quickly when playing games .  I was honestly expecting a more responsive experience with gaming on this phone than what it is capable of .  Coming from the 2012 Droid RazrM ,  my subjective opinion is that this phone is no more responsive than my old phone .
+	Love this thing .  Its so damn fast ,  the display is gorgeous ,  build quality is great ,  and the camera is ballin .
+	For me ,  this is quite easily the best smartphone in the market today .
+	First ,  the phone feels really good in my hand .  I have larger hands so it might be a bit unwieldy for some but it was perfect for me .  I was also surprised at how heavy this thing is .  The button placement at the back seemed odd to me but after awhile I realized I wasn't accidentally hitting buttons as I always used to do when they are located along the sides or at the top .
+	I moved from an iPhone to android with this phone .  It seems easy enough to use but not always as intuitive as my iPhone was .  The pictures are amazing ,  wish the screen was a little smaller ,  but overall a great phone .  I do quite a bit on it ,  so rarely does it make it the full day without me charging it .  I love having the buttons on the back of the phone for power and volume .
+	I really love that I can have 2 screens open at the same time and my most recently opened app full screens will show on a summary screen to go jump back and forth from as well .  Also love having settings shortcuts at the top of the screen with a swipe since I like to swith on and off Bluetooth in my car or simply hit Airplane mode when I know I'm in a bad spot where the phone would suck battery looking for service .
+	The phone is FAST ,  has a big ,  beautiful HD screen that shows lovely video when you stream .  Sound quality is pretty decent without distortion .  Takes a SD card !  Some I looked at didn't and thats a must for people who save a lot of stuff to their phones  ( I download a ton of Audiobooks since I often drive where there isn't phone service so streaming from the cloud won't work )  Battery lasts pretty well into the next day without plugging in and charges quickly .  It lasts a fair bit of time with several hours of continual media play .  I have had no glitches ,  frozen screens or reasons to shut off / reboot the phone .  I was able to get a nice 3-pack of rubberized covers that fit perfectly in a set with screen protectors ,  pen and soft wipe cloth for under $12 here on Amazon .  I've had the phone for about 45 days now and am still super happy with my choice !
+	Overall I think LG did a fairly good job of keeping their skin from being to overbearing .  I think it extends a little too far but that's just personal opinion .  I haven't switched launchers because this one is perfectly fine for everyday .
+	Man this phone is awesome as far as design and feel goes .  The battery last all day and works really good .  The only things I did not really enjoy is the interface is a little ugly the skin that LG puts feels kind of cheap ,  I also don't like that the screen does not have the saturated colors Samsung has ,  the colors on this screen feel flat .  The camera I have to say is really nice and I was impressed .  I did not notice the laser focus on the camera focusing better than something like my iPhone .
+	I love the customization of the phone - was a snap to get it setup the way I like and to transfer files from the PC for ringtones and wallpapers .  Google sync automatically transferred my account settings and apps - both nice ,  but scary that it kept all my WiFi connections and passwords from the previous phone .
+	I love this phone ,  but on the other hand the battery life isn't as strong as I hoped ,  but it does stay charged long .  The graphics are amazing and the entire body of the phone is very durable ,  I also love that the screen is big !  !
+	The phone itself is very sleek and powerful .  Lots of great features .  The funny thing about this phone when I compared it in the stores it always was less bright than HTC or Samsung .  The unit I received as good or brighter that the demo unit
+	Very impressed with the quality and performance of this phablet .  Not the type of person to live every aspect of my life through my phone .  This device really delivers on the battery life and processing speed during web surfing and streaming .  Great aspect ratio for HD viewing .  FYI if you want to conserve battery life limit the the amount of time you view video in full HD .  My only con to this phone is the sound clarity on some of the phone calls .  I have been getting some static and distortion sometimes while talking using the speakerphone feature .  I would definitely recommend to anyone who's looking for a flagship phone but is not into the iPhone and Samsung craze .
+	I really liked this phone but the battery drains so fast .  I only use it for occasional texting ,  that's it .  I don't have Facebook or other online social account .  I liked little stuff that LG offers such as answers the phone automatically when I pick up the phone ,  or silence the phone when I flip the phone upside down .  LG is currently offering extra battery and craddle charger for free if you buy it in US before 9 / 30  ( check LG website )  .
+	Love this phone .  1 .  reception is top notch  ( it is supposed to be a phone right )  2 .  the screen is amazing ,  crystal clear .  3 .  Battery lasts about a day and a half for me .  I am a medium user ,  maybe 5-6 hours of checking mail ,  surfing and playing a day .  4 .  The only issue I have is it does have a little bit of lag sometimes ,  not horrible ,  but it is there .  Wife has the G2 which has no lag ,  but the screen is not this nice .
+	Best phone I've owned so far .  Only downside I've found is that both cameras are so good that sending MMS videos is near impossible unless the video is about 2 seconds long .  . the files are just too big too attach because the resolution doesn't bump down enough !  I'm sure there will be a fix down the road .
+	Love the phone .  Only concern is how delicate the phone feels .  Doesn't feel as tough as a normal cell phone .  The charging port is delicate as well .  Hope it will last the minimum of two years or when eligible for an upgrade if necessary .  Time will tell I guess .
+	The phone is really sleek .  Even though the screen is bigger than most standard phones out there ,  the bezel and body of the phone are so well crafted that it doesn't feel bigger .  In fact ,  in my hand and pocket ,  it feels the same size as my old Galaxy S4 which has quite a smaller screen .  Although I thought the placement of the power and volume buttons on the back was odd at first ,  I quickly realized that made much more sense on a phone and loved them .  They were just in the right place for quick adjustments .  Even better ,  the phone has  " knock on "  ,  so to turn on the display when it's on a table or in a car dock ,  just double tap the screen and the phone turns on .  It's an amazing feature that I love .
+	I saw this phone and fell instantly in love with it . I than started to do my research on this phone and other phones as well .  The only thing that my phone has ever done that is weird ,  but it is only once in a great while it does this .
+	The phone is great and takes stunning pictures .  I always upgrade my phone every 20 months through Amazon  ;  the LG G3 for $ 0 . 01 was again a great deal  ;  but honestly ,  my previous phone ,  the Samsung S3 was a lot more stable as far as connecting to Bluetooth with my car  ( 2012 Camry )  .
+	I have been using this LG G3 for the past few days .  I plan to give you an idea of what the phone is like and whether or not you should consider it when it comes time to upgrade your phone .  I have used many phones over the last couple of years including the Galaxy S5 ,  HTC One  ( M8 )  and the LG G2 .  I plan on using comparisons to some of these phones to give you an idea how the LG G3 stacks up against them .
+	I am really impressed with the LG G3 after a week of ownership .  I am upgrading from a HTC DNA .
+	Exactly what I was looking for .  Great phone ,  fantastic price and easy to set up .  Love the look and feel of the phone !
+	his phone is nearly perfect .  The screen is phenomenal .  Everyone that watches that demo video stares at it saying  " Is this 3D  ?     "  The sound is great .  The size is great .  .  .  but f'n AT & T just had to force LG to put PMA charging in it instead of QI .  WTF AT & T .
+	This phone is pretty awesome !  The quad HD display makes for some of the clearest video quality I have seen .  The screen size is just perfect and fits in my hand well  (  I'm female with small hands )  .  Performance is very snappy with hardly any lag .
+	I luv my G3 .  It's what I wanted and more .  Looking forward to learning all its capabilities .
+	Got this Phone recently and was very happy with it ,  this Phone was not new but was used and in great condition ,  had to do a little reconfiguration to get the Phone to use less Battery and now it it is fine ,  the best Phone i ever own ,  like the 5 . 5 inch which is Perfect for viewing on line video
+	Excellent overall ,  I've had very few issues with it .  The whole  " UHD "  resolution screen is completely pointless though and when the screen is on this thing eats through battery like it's nobody's business .  Also ,  the laser focus is a total gimmick and I don't notice any speed increase over other cameras .  The front facing camera is also very washed out ,  almost to the point that it looks black and white in poor lighting conditions .
+	I really do like this phone .  And I live it's huge screen size .  The power / volume buttons may take a little getting use to if you have never own another LG phone such as the G2 .  But you would rarely need the power button unless you were actually turning off your since ,  since you can wake up or put the phone to sleep by tapping the screen .  Thr screen resolution is great and very bright ,  and it takes amazing pictures .  The battery life is also very very good .
+	Its a good phone .  .  .  maybe great .  .  I had it for a few months now .  nothing wrong but the sprint version doesn't have the LTE bands for other carriers . the only thing is the service .  Sprint sucks .  you literally only utilize half the potential of this phone Sprints LTE blows donkey chit .  I would not recommend them to even go to sprint .  with that saying ,  i guess you shouldn't get this phone either .  hah .  I have been a sprint customer for 6 + years .  too many broken promises of a greater LTE
+	Great phone .  I previously had a nexus 5 and this phone is way better .  Battery life is better than the nexus 5 but only above average .  I can get about 12 hours with my normal heavy usage which last me long enough .  The screen is amazing and the UI is better than the G2 .  The camera is great and takes amazing pictures and video .  Screen is slightly too large .
+	I love this phone .  .  .  .  . not many people seem to have it .  .  .  .  . such a shame
+	This is a very nice phone with excellent specs ,  it can do everything you expect from a smartphone and does it with style .  The screen is beautiful and is just the right size for me .  My only criticism is with the camera .  It is  " the "  reason I purchased the phone was for a camera upgrade .  The camera is nice ,  but the pictures have been very hit and miss .  LG advertised that the camera would be simple to use and it is ,  but I would like to have some more control over the settings .  Maybe I should have waited for the G4 .
+	Wow .  After getting sick of my Nokia 1520 ,  I went on the hunt to return to android .  The contenders were the Fire ,  M8 ,  and the G3 .  The G3 won out and I couldn't be more pleased with my choice .  Screen is gorgeous ,  the phone is incredibly fast ,  camera is great and the battery lasts forever .  The design gives you a 5 . 5 inch screen but the phone never feels too big like my Nokia or the Note 2 and 3 I previously used .  One thing I have to mention is the keyboard .  It is the fastest and most accurate I have ever used on a phone .  Best phone I have ever owned hands down .
+	The phone is absolutely wonderful .  In my opinion its probably the best android smartphone out there ,  with some of features offered by this phone only . It has a top notch camera  ( with laser )  ,  4K video recording ,  Quad HD screen ,  removable battery ,  wireless charging ,  expandable storage -- all tightly built into a gorgeous package . If you buy this phone ,  you will be hard-pressed to find any faults .  I had samsung note 3 and loved it - I love G3 more .  Highly recommended .
+	I LOVE how this phone can be personalized .  From making any pic I want into an icon to the pink gingham background choice for texting ,  I'm in love : )  .  Also ,  the phone itself has pre-loaded icons so if you want to change any to something other than a personal picture ,  you can .
+	The LG G3 is really a fantastic phone in every way .  I honestly had considered not getting this phone when I realized they were making it with a 5 . 5 "  display .  I have no idea when Android phone makers are going to stop thinking bigger is better ,  but I hope with the G3 ,  they have found the right size ,  and form-factor .
+	The phone feels amazing in my hand .  The back has a nice curve to it so it can fit better in your hand .  The screen is huge but the phone isn't much bigger than the other flagship phone out there . The camera is the best that I have seen on any phone .  The laser make focusing faster and extremely accurate .  Even in very low light ,  the photos can be taken ,  but they don't have much detail and end up looking like a painting .  The camera app is very simple .  There aren't very many tweaking options ,  which I miss from having in the S3 .
+	The screen is marvelous ,  with really good brightness and colors ,  and of course ,  sharpness .  If anything ,  it is a power hog ,  given the super high resolution of 2560x1440 ,  and its viewing angle is less than what you'd expect from an IPS screen . peaking of which ,  battery life is pretty good ,  but can be better .  Be sure to read up on how to enable Google's new ART runtime that will be the defacto standard from Android L OS and up .  It's a hidden developer feature that is a must do for any LG G3 owners .  Apps open and run faster ,  AND the battery lasts longer:
+	The physical design of it is great .  It is easy to hold and the knock and rear buttons features are very useful . The speakers sound decent and can get very loud .  I haven't had a problem hearing anyone .  I have also used the rear speaker for several hours of music and it sounds better than your standard computer desktop speaker  ( without a sub )  .  Not bad for a tiny little phone speaker . The camera is the best I have seen on any phone .
+	This phone is pretty amazing .  I came from a Samsung Galaxy S4 ,  which is no slouch .  I decided I wanted the coolest and neatest phone out there ,  and after comparing it to the HTC One  ( m8 )  and the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,  this bad boy won out .
+	LOVE this phone !  No side buttons is great ;  the  " knock "  to start feature is so much easier .  The apps are fast .  The phone is super easy to use and the picture is BEAUTIFUL !  Love that i can increase the size of the keyboard for texting - was having trouble with hitting the space bar between words - drove me crazy !  The sound is phenomenal and the battery lasts about 30 hours with medium use
+	Very ,  very nice phone !  I have the T-Mobile version of this phone .  I purchased it 3 days ago only .  The first 2 days ,  the batter life ,  was ok ,  and then today ,  it got a lot better !  This phone is smooth ,  with very little bloat ware on it !  It blows away the HTC One M8 .  No software issues .  at all .  It has the best UI out of all the phones that I have personally had .  The 2K display is nice feature ,  If you shoot videos in 2K .
+	An excellent phone .  The screen is very large ,  and gets quite bright .  Using chrome it's silly smooth on WiFi and on 4g+3g ,  depending on service available .  Apps are smooth unless poorly optimized .  The 32 gigs of space are ample ,  and there's an SD card slot if you need more room .  The camera / video are quite serviceable ,  but I'm not exactly a prolific photographer .
+	The screen is nice and sharp .  Very good for video calling and reading . I use a cell phone mostly for making calls ,  occasional reading and as a sports tracking device .  Also ,  for listening to music and checking on weather and news .  It is not my primary device for watching movies ,  and I do not play games . The photos made on this phone are really good ,  and video records are of superb quality . This phone really has a lot of useful features ,  such as controlling your data usage .
+	With that said ,  LG G3 is a great buy .  It may not be the 'best' phone right now as it is already over six months old and other phones like Note 4 and Galaxy S5 that maybe slightly ahead of the game .  What I definitely like is the overall slick look with the LCD really taking up most of the design and looks much better than the S5 aesthetically speaking .
+	great screen .  the resolution and quality of the screen is superb .  Coming from NOTE 2 ,  I really cant tell that much difference ,  but I can definitely notice a difference . the size .  although it has 5 . 5 inch screen ,  it feels much smaller than the Note 2 .  mostly due to sleeker bezel around the phone .  the smaller size makes the phone better to navigate with one hand .
+	The LG G3 is truly a phenomenal phone .  I highly recommend it .  I love it .  It is amazingly fast ,  the screen is just beautiful and the sound quality is terrific .  Now ,  to expand on this . First ,  the phone is beautiful .  I have the gold one .  It is light thanks to the plastic ,  yet the case looks great .  It looks just as good as the M8 with the metal case but much lighter .  To achieve a wonderful curved phone that is easy to hold they put the power and volume buttons on the back .  I like that . The battery life is terrific .
+	The phone is absolutely wonderful .  In my opinion its probably the best android smartphone out there ,  with some of features offered by this phone only . It has a top notch camera  ( with laser )  ,  4K video recording ,  Quad HD screen ,  removable battery ,  wireless charging ,  expandable storage -- all tightly built into a gorgeous package . If you buy this phone ,  you will be hard-pressed to find any faults .  I had samsung note 3 and loved it - I love G3 more .  Highly recommended .
+	This is by far the best phone I've ever owned .  Of course ,  the only other comparable phones I've had were the Nexus 4 and S4 ,  which are both a year or more older .  But beside the point ,  one of the best features of the phone is it's screen .  It's tied with the Note 4 with the highest resolution screen that you can get on the US market .  Another great feature is performance .  Changing to Android's new ART speeds things up quite a bit .
+	I love this phone .  The features make this phone top of the line .  Its so many new aspects that this phone has that I cannot explain all .  The best feature I like is the smart tips which keeps you abreast of things to make the phone work better .  The camera is wonderful .  I can actually take good pics in the sun unlike some of the other android phones I have owned .  The knock code is a cool feature that I use .  I also like the fact that I can press a button on the phone that will allow my camera to open without me having to unlock the phone .  I dont like that some of my favorite apps does not work on this phone .   ( i . e .  ESPN sportscenter )  GREAT PHONE .
+	With that said ,  LG G3 is a great buy .  It may not be the 'best' phone right now as it is already over six months old and other phones like Note 4 and Galaxy S5 that maybe slightly ahead of the game .  What I definitely like is the overall slick look with the LCD really taking up most of the design and looks much better than the S5 aesthetically speaking .
+	The LG G3 is an excellent device .  I get a full day of moderate to heavy use out of the battery texting ,  facebook ,  G+ ,  and browsing the internet .  The camera is excellent ,  taking super fast photos and very smooth video .  For a 5 . 5 "   " phablet "  the G3 actually has a very managable footprint in the hand due to it's very slim screen bezel .  Probably the best handling phone over the 5 "  screen size mark I have used .  Prior to the G3 I had the S5 for a while ,  Note 3 ,  and some others .  The G3 just fits in the hand so nicely and keeps it's massive screen very usable .
+	The storage space is an amazing asset .  I highly recommend the 32G if you run a lot of apps .  I have already installed every app that was on my S4 and then some ,  and my phone hasn't lagged ,  choked or given me any space warnings . Expect a good battery life if you primarily connect your phone to WiFi ;  mine lasts about six hours with a wireless connection and four hours with a 4G connection  ( with location services on )  .
+	Great phone ,  definitely check out the vibrant community .  If you are having trouble with lag ,  remove carrier crap and time down those animations ,  then this thing flies .  2 day battery life no problem .
+	Best phone I have owned ,  by far .  I'm coming from an iPhone 5S and I was worried I wouldn't like it because I've had the iPhone since 2010 .  This phone just blew me away and opened my eyes to just how much Apple is far behind its' competitors .  I never knew what a smart phone was capable of until I got this brilliant device .  I'm not going to go into detail since there are plenty of other reviews that do that and are quite accurate .
+	The LG G3 is the best Android phone Ive owned so far .  It is quick ,  stores a lot of info ,  the screen resolution and the features are great .  Apps start up fast due the the Qualcomm processor with NO hiccups or force closes .  The phone holds 32gb which is great for music and apps .  The screen resolution is 1440p which really does stand out on a mobile device ,  I download 1440p wallpapers to look at how great the resolution works ,  and wow ,  very impressed .  This phone has great features: open 2 apps at once ,  customization options ,  and my current favorite feature is Screen Mirroring ( Miracast )  which allows me to transfer what is on my phone to my TV .  For those wanting a great Android phone ,  this is a great choice .
+	First of all ,  the screen resolution is stunning and gorgeous !  I thought the 1080p display on the Galaxy S5 was awesome ,  but this one creates a new standard for beauty and crispness ,  so much so that I sold my Galaxy S5 and got this phone instead .  I will say that ,  because of the beautiful display ,  the screen tends to get really hot at times ,  almost too hot to touch ,  but for me ,  it isn't a deal breaker ,  as I don't usually turn the display up past 80 percent or so .
+	This phone is just awesome .  I love the huge screen ,  though I don't notice a resolution difference between it and the Galaxy S5 . The main pros: Speed .  Screen size .  Processing power . I also love the knock feature where you can wake the phone up just by touching the screen in certain places .
+	Great phone .  I like the form factor .  Very responsive .  The battery life for me has been very good .  I use it primarily for texting ,  emailing and calling .  Battery lasts almost 1 . 5 days from moderate use .  I like the clarity of the screen .  For a 5 . 5 "  screen ,  the phone doesn't feel overly bulky or difficult to handle .
+	Really nice phone .  If you buy this phone ,  and want to root it ,  make sure you do not update the software just after you activate it .  I'm running a lolipop rom on mine now .  Fast ,  and smooth phone .  I love it .
+	Comments about  "  .  .  . lag .  "  are misleading .  This phone is fantastic for someone who replaced a flip phone .  This is my first smartphone and it is a wonder ,  this piece of technology known as the LG G3 .  I worried about the lag that others cautioned about .  I still purchased the phone because it was only a penny through Verizon .  I remember learning of this phone when it was first released .  It was a phenomenal phone then ,  and still is .
+	Absolutely awesome phone !  Why  ?     Now using it a full 72 hours it doesn't seem to have any flaws for me .  Screen is great OS runs very smooth on this phone ,  camera is great and it's fast !  A few things at least I don't believe get reviewed about phones nearly enough: 1- the sound of music via Bluetooth in my car is flawless  ( very iPhone-like )  2 - usb on-the-go is awesome .  I can download music pics movies and then save them onto a thumb drive .  For that matter u can back up the entire phone to usb  ( no computer necessary )  .  And 3- if u toggle off data ,  this phone will last a full  ( and I mean literally )  48 hours !
+	Battery is great ,  easily gets me a day with heavy use .  The 2K screen is really sharp ,  although not amoled .  The camera shoots well and the laser autofocus is great .  The buttons and the back are my favorite part even if they took a little getting used to .  The entire design of the phone is great and is very comfortable with small bezels .  I have had no heating problems as others have said and the removable back is a nice touch .  The IR sensor gets decent range  ( 5-15 ft )  .
+	This is hands down the best smart phone on the market .  Here is a list of previous devices recently .  Moto X ( 2nd Gen )  ,  iPhone 5s ,  iPhone 5 ,  Galaxy S5 ,  Galaxy S4 ,  HTC One ,  .  Thats just a few .  I have tested all of these out and found that the LG G3 surpasses them all .
+	Wow what a phone .  Every feature seems to be tailored fit to me ,  the perfect combination of the galaxy line and the htc ones .  The biggest downfall is that 1440p screen draining the battery so fast ,  It always lasts me a full day though ,  giving out right before i fall asleep with heavy web browsing .  I've had the htc one m7 and the note 3 and would never go back .  The knock on knock off feature is going to keep me using future lg flagships for years to come ,  i couldn't imagine going back to using buttons to wake my phone up .  Speaker is nice and loud too .  Its hard to tell from the picutre but the grey part on the bottom is coverd in the same glass that covers the screen ,  no seams ,  just solid glass top to bottom .
+	Bought this as a replacement for a damaged phone .  This was a much less expensive option than sending it for repair .  No activation required ;  simply move the SIM card from the old phone to the new one and make a call .  Easy .
+	Quick delivery  &  meets expectations .  .  Thanks !
+	Came in very good condition ,  pleasantly surprised .  Great features  .  Its like buying a new car ,  if you wait til the next model year you can pick up a used one for a decent price .
+	The best cellphone I've used ,  easy and good battery life ,  great photos !  !  I bought one then purchase another for my husband .
+	Over a year of use .  No issues .  Solid as a rock .  Wife has one too .  Thumbs up to LG .
+	Absolutely love this phone !  I purchased this phone from Amazon warehouse as  " near new condition "  sold by Amazon ,  The phone appeared to be new and unused though the box was opened at one time as evidenced by the security tape that was broken .  I popped in my AT & T sim card and was activated as soon as the phone booted up .  I examined the device thoroughly and could not find a single flaw on this phone ,  not even a micro scratch on the glass screen .  Since I own the phone outright without a contract AT & T emailed me the unlock code for the device without any problems at all .  Overall It is a great phone ,  and considering what I paid for it I could not have found a better deal anywhere
+	Bought this product for my Father in law .  He loves the size of the screen .  I wanted to get him something that was up to date with the new OS versions but not to expensive .  He had a 2 or 3 year old phone ,  so the upgrade to this phone was at a nice point and over filled the bill for what I wanted to get for him .
+	had the phone about a year now ,  haven't looked back to my droid turbo  ( had 3 junk ones )  i will keep this for as long as i can stand to use it based on speed alone .  phone functions great !
+	Arrived very quickly and I feel in better condition than described by the seller  ( ecellular )  .  I got this for my wife to replace her old iphone ;  she had been looking to get a new Note5 - locking in to a $850 phone did not sound like a good idea and I'm so so relieved that she was open to giving this a try .  She was skeptical of buying a used phone online but has been extremely happy w /  it so far .  It came well packaged ,  w /  a new wall charger and totally wiped and ready to go . I am probably going to get one for myself as well and will buy it from ecellular .
+	Excellent purchase .  Very clean .  It has become my son's new BFF !  He loves it !  Exactly as advertised .  Would love to do business with this seller again !
+	I love my phone !  It's just the right size and is so customizable with add-ons from the Google play store .  Charges fast and lasts a reasonably long time .  Best phone I've ever had .
+	I used to have this phone for a short time before switching carriers ,  and when I switched I ended up with the Galaxy S5 .  After having it for a while I started to miss my G3 .  The phone was awesome .  Yes ,  the battery wasn't that great due to the awesome display .  And yes ,  your battery would drain faster and start getting quite warm during long use at high brightness .  I'm happy that tonight I'll either be ordering the G3 again ,  or the G4 .
+	I knew when I bought the LG-3 that it was a great phone .  What I was worried about buying a used phone . It turned out the vendor that I purchased the phone from listed as very good condition .  Well ,  its perfect !  Could not tell that it was ever used .  Most importantly is that it works perfect .  When I need another phone ,  I will check with Edge Celluar first .
+	Have not had any issues with this phone !  Got it for $1 too !
+	EXCELLENT smartphone .  I'd owned several Galaxy phones ,  one I used with an AT & T service that was buggy to defective ;  and the other two through Verizon that simply did not perform up to snuff .  The hardware ,  specifically the male power port ,  gave way due to my habit of using the phone while charging .  .  . which tugs and damages the connection pin .  .  .  I had been using an LG LTE ,  which was economical and sufficiently functional ,  except the photography function was poor .  My mobile phone guy  ( a Pageplus dealer )  recommended the LG G3 .
+	I've been using this phone for about a year now .  Its been great so far and it runs very smooth .  I usually have multiple apps open at once and the battery life is still great .  I was drawn to the gold version because it seems unique as i haven't seen phones in this color before .  The camera takes high quality photos .  I love that the power and volume rocker buttons are on the back ,  it makes it easier to press them .  My only complaint is that I wish the headphone jack was on the top of the phone rather than the bottom .
+	This cell was almost in mint condition .  Refreshing to see .
+	I've been using this phone for over a year now and I still have no desire to upgrade .  The phone has all of the features that the iPhone 6s just added without the added length on the phone .  As well this still has the highest quality mobile screen that you could ask for .  Amazing phone !
+	I love this device even though I've never actually used it as a phone .  If that sounds a little crazy ,  let me explain .  I don't like phablets - I think they are silly : )  - for me the iPhone 5S is the perfect size ;  I don't know what I'm going to do when it's obsolete - maybe sanity will prevail and  " small "  phones will make a comeback . However ,  I was also bitten by the VR bug - and for this the iPhone 5S is woefully inadequate: Retina display is normally great but when magnified it looks terrible .  I needed something with a better display at a reasonable price .  This LG has a fabulous QuadHD display that looks great in a VR viewer .  So I can't comment on its qualities as a giant phone but as a wireless device for playing music ,  podcasts ,  and especially 3D VR content ,  it is simply outstanding .  That is until the Oculus Rift is released .  At that time I'll be putting it up on eBay .
+	This is the best smartphone I have owned so far .  That would be LG g3 > htc one-x > iPhone 4 . The best feature by far is the ability to edit / change the touch buttons for back ,  home ,  and active apps .  You can change their locations and their icons .
+	Ok so far so good I have had this for about an hour and MAN I'm happy !  I didn't want to upgrade and pay upgrade fees to Verizon or give them more money they annoy me so I held my breathe and I ordered this fully prepared to be annoyed and regret my purchase but so far this device is EXCELLENT they even sent a charger .
+	Absolutely in love with this phone !  Great pic quality  ( and I take a lot of pics )  ,  durability ,  battery life ,  it looks great and has the cost wasn't that bad !  Would definitely recommend !
+	Very nice phone .  Would highly recommend .  Perfect screen size and beautiful display .  And having the buttons in the back was a little awkward at first ,  but is very comfortable to use .  It also came days early ,  which had me very excited .
+	This screen protector is awesome .  I have applied quite a few over the years but this was by far the easiest .  Now that it's on ,  it is completely invisible .  It was definitely worth the extra few dollars .
+	absolutely fantastic phone .  best phone on the market .  note ,  galaxy ,  iphone ,  etc doesnt compare .  this phone is superior in all ways .  im amazed i got this phone for under $600 .  .  .
+	Works great  ,  multitasking is really good  ,  phone is just beautiful and one of the best looking hands down .  This is my frist LG phone im coming from a Samsung Galaxy S5 and i happy i looked into LG .  This is money well spent
+	Awesome Phone ,  was a little big at first but i got used to that super fast .  Bought it refurbished and couldn't be happier .  The price was better ,  and there are zero problems with the phone .  No scratches ,  and the phone runs perfectly .
+	I love love love this phone .  I paid $280 for it on Prime Day ,  as a Warehouse Deal ,  and I'd do it again in a heartbeat .  It works perfectly and I love a lot of LGs features .  The IR blaster has been so much fun to use ,  and I love being able to tap my security knock on the black screen to wake the phone up and unlock it at the same time .  LG did a lot right with this phone
+	Fantastic phone !  Delivered on time and the replacement had zero issues !  Buy this and you will never look back .  Highly recommend this product !  Easy setup and DOES work for verizon users !
+	I just got this phone today and wanted to let anyone know that might be wanting to use it on one of the BYOD or BYOP services .  It appears that it works on Tracfone since they approved it immediately .  I have ordered the sim for it for $10  ( micro )  ,  and hope for the best .  I have been using Tracfone for about 2 years ,  and have upgraded to this phone .  If you are not a heavy user like me this might interest you .  I haven't found much letting anyone know that this particular phone works on their service ,  but evidently it does .  I'll update if I have any problems ,  but don't expect to .
+	Nice phone which I could get unlocked the day I received it .  I like the size and the phone works well .  There was a good deal going on when I bought it and hence the 5 stars on this review .
+	I upgraded my LG G2 to this LG G3 .  So this is more of a comparison . This phone is a bit larger in width and height-Good thingIt has a removable battery  ( unlike the sealed G2 )  . Battery life doesn't seem to last as long for sure .   ( good thing you can buy and have a back-up )
+	1 Month Review: I bought this phone after my LG G2 had taken a hard fall and stopped working ,  and I have got to say i'm glad i stuck with LG .  The LG G3 Is an amazing device with a beautiful 1440p display and suprisingly a great battery life considering its powering a 5 . 5 inch 1440p display .  The overall design of this beast is amazing .  It fits well in the hand and just looks amazing .  The durability of this phone is also way better than the G2 .  Watching videos on this phone is just breathtaking .  Back to battery life ,  with a low usage I can last all the way till 11 at night  ( I unplug at 6:30 a . m roughly )  .  With a more moderate to heavy use i can last all day to about 5 with 4 hours of onscreen time at 50% brightness .  Overall a sexy fast and amazing product .  Thank you LG
+	The phone I received was in New like quality .  I was very impressed with the phone and the battery seem to hold a charge well so I am impressed with that too .  The charger though was a slow charger and slightly damaged .  Even though they warn you the charger would not be the one from the box ,  I felt that was a bit cheap .  Still ,  I wanted a good phone and got an almost New one so I have them five stars .
+	Absolutely amazing phone ,  even with today's  " new and improved "  more recent devices ,  this phone is more than up to the task .  I can't recall it ever stuttering ,  the battery life is better than my iPhone 6 ,  and the display is gorgeous .  If you don't like the LG skin over the software ,  just download a new launcher ,  I mean it is running Android .  I love the ability to customize one handed use options ,  and especially the soft keys and their functions at the bottom .  Android L was made for this beast .  I don't think I will ever move back from LG !
+	This phone is fantastic !  It is speedy ,  light ,  comfortable ,  large ,  and lasts forever .  I bought it new from AT & T ,  and have loved it since I unboxed it .  I've had a history with lots of phones ,  but this one is my favorite .  The worst issue is with onscreen text sometimes appearingto be blurry ,  due tosuper high resolution .  In other words ,  the phone is TOO good .  : )  Much better than the S5 in every aspect ,  and the camera is amazing .  Must buy .
+	Screen is fantastic .  True ,  vibrant colors .  Very crisp . when storage . Ui is simple yet thorough . Top notch specs .  Games run very fluid . Battery life is great .  Gets me through an 11 hour day as a car salesman making 30+ phone calls a day and much web browsing .
+	Excelent phone !  ! I use it all the time .
-	LG not giving satisfactory service to customer .  Hidding terms and conditions of their offers .
-	I intend to purchase G3 .  .  but in video reviews g3's Display is dimmer than other devices .  it is bright enough as compared to other devices .  How do you rate its display and how it looks like
-	Not much heating problem .  .  .  After Lollipop it's working fine  .  .  .  .  No problem at all
-	the g3 can't even last 6hrs when ur using normally routines ,  when it comes to standby its okey but when ur using the net or playing a game within 20 minutes u will loss 20% of it's battery life
-	Been using this fone for 2 months now  &  I''l admit the battery life is average will last a day on heavy use ,  but besides that the fone does everything with ease
-	hi guys .  . i have problem with my LG G3 D855 kitkat .  . i got my g3 a few days back and the battery is draining to fast .  . i'm using the phone just with a wifi no sim inserted but the cell standby have the highest battery consumption .
-	battery drain too fast on screen .  . when on stand by it drains 4-5% only but when i start using it battery just flowing out
-	Am very much disappointed with battery life
-	I bought this phone last december and it worked pretty well till last month .  then touchscreen stopped working and I replaced the whole display .  it was ok for around 15 days and now I'm having the same problem again .  the middle area of the screen doesn't work !  I loved my phone but I'm very disappointed now !  don't know what to do !  any idea guyz  ?
-	when my phone was not in use the battery drains too quick
-	g3 can't even last 6hrs when ur using normally routines ,  when it comes to standby its okey but when ur using the net or playing a game within 20 minutes u will loss 20% of it's battery life
-	Am very much disappointed with battery life of this beautiful phone ,
-	My battery get drain fast at the time of phone not in use
-	Im Having the same issue on my D855 .  Battery seems to drain faster when not using the fone .  Fully Charged it Went from 100% to 85% overnight with battery on .
-	I noticed within the first hour of using the phone for a 5 minute conversation ,  the phone heated up really fast and my friend reported poor sound quality
-	it is really slow i am very disappointed .  Is there any solution to make it fast   ?
-	Lg g3 really fast heating when u play games or using it hard just for 10 or 15 minutes .  .  The display is too nice for playing games but the battery is drained so fast .  .  And hot .  Interface a little bit laggy sometimes .
-	Screened cracked by itself and when I tell people they think I'm making it up .  The phone got really hot and after sometime found dent right in the middle of the screen .  I love this phone but that was a major drawback for me .
-	My G3 doesn't drain much in standby
-	My battery also died in 6 month usage ,  suddenly restart during taking picture and after that reboot every after loading home screen
-	Its a good media consumption phone ,  thats all ,  my battery died after 8 mounths of use (  bad ,  very bad lg )  ,  the 2k screen takes all the juice very fast ,  i changed for a low resolution smartphone with only 1500mah and it last longer than my lg g3 for 1 / 5 of its price .
-	This fone is not short on specs has everything .  Battery isnt the best but i get just over a day on moderate usage
-	Overheating and worst battery backup
-	lg g3 really fast heating when u play games or using it hard just for 10 or 15 minutes , and the battery is drained so fast .  .
-	Lg g3 is the worst phone !  It gets hot and it has burnt through a 60 . 00+ bag and a 30 . 00+ wallet .  .  .  Att has to send me the same phone and they won't replace my items or give me the money to buy new items !  !  DON'T BUT THE LG G3 !
-	G3's  ( D855 )  software and speed are very good .  Design is not bad to see but it make hard to handle the phone .
-	If you don't have a satisfactory income any damage towards the touch glass ,  lcd screen or the front panel makes you finantially tight .  Because repairing costs  & #8377 ;  6300 - 7000 .
-	The sad thing is that the touch screen can't sustain more than 3 falls .  Also camera software is not satisfactory .
-	am useing lg g3 d855 it's features is nice but it has 3000mah battery but Drain fast and other problem is heating .  this 2 things down the lg g3 quality otherwise its QHD display . battery is sucks this phone
-	I'm using it last 10 months .  Broken the touch 2 times and cost  & #8377 ;  13k for repair .
-	I have used an LG G3 D855 32gb for 10 months and have never had less than a day out of a single battery charge apart from when I am flying and I use the video for a couple of movies on the plane .  I have a small external battery back-up which I have used on those occasions .
-	Did hard reset 3 times .  .  . no improvement .  .  . battery drain lot in phone idle  .  . paricular at night .  .  .
-	my lg g3 which i had bought in september 2014 is getting a lot of problems the apps have just and on the mobile it is coming that if u quit safe mode the apps will be restored when iam quitting nothing of such sort is happening and the volume rockers at the back are not working and also it is getting heating issues  . So in the end i feel it was a wrong decision to buy the lg g3 for me .
-	I have been using my G3 for 3 months now and the only downside for me is it tents to get a little hot and I do hope im getting android 6 . 0
-	i got my g3 a month ago and i was starting to regret buying this phone too ,  but i found a solution for that battery life issue .  .  i lowered the brightness to 60% ,  closed and uninstall running apps  ( these apps continues on running even if its closed or not used atm )  and installed DU Battery saver .  .  now im loving my phone .  .  slept 6-8hrs with 100% battery and waking up with 99-98% and with moderate usage for like 7-8hours ,  i can say that this phone's battery life is way more better than iphones and samsung in my opinion specially when going outside for whole day .  .  the only thing that bothers me with this phone is the heating issue when playing games on g3  .
-	Im having the same problem .  Factory reset 3 times and the fone sucks power over night when idle .  My G3 is D855 3GB ram version and brand new less than 1 month old .  Starting to regret buying this fone cause of terrible battery life .  Solutions please !  !  !
-	I am using LG G3 D852 Canadian variant ,  Rooted Device and using custom rom .
-	When I bought this phone ,  it was fine but after few weeks my phone is randomly shutting down .  I have to remove battery and reinsert it several times to power on my phone .  I did factory reset 2 days back but the problem is still there .  Kindly share your suggestions ,  how do I resolve this issue .
-	Yes .  But LG will not listen as it is stubborn at 3 Ampere battery .
-	Samsung note 3 and note 4 are far more better than G3 in terms of battery backup and display resolution .
-	The biggest problem with this fone is the screen ,  it sucks up most of the battery .  LG could of just used a better 1080p panel .  I dont think this issue can be fixed with marshmellow either .
-	G3 home screen always turns full black at least once daily .  Worst mobile ever .  S5 ,  Note 3 or Note 4 are better alternatives .
-	I've always been loyal to LG ,  but since I got this phone I had to keep getting a refurbished one because after three months or so of having it the charging port decides not to work anymore .  It's really frustrating .
-	Waste of money .  Do not buy one .
-	Even i was facing restart issue ,  i visited LG Center and found that my battery was faulty .  There is not an OS issues ,  Battery gets drain due to overcharging .
-	poor battery life and other problems arise after a month of usage .
-	LG G3 lags a lot and has very bad battery life
-	I honestly regret buying lg g3 .  It lags a lot
-	I have LG G3 .  I advise u not to .  It lags a lot .
-	gets hot as hell when playing intense games  (  mortal kombat x )  ,  lags pretty often ,  camera lags alot ,  also sometimes the focus just gets stuck with the flash light on .  When playing MK X i experimented freezes that wont go away ,  needed to restart the phone /  take battery out .  For me it was a complete surprise that the phone freezes alot and lags ,  dont know the cause of this ,  taking in consideration the powerful SD 801 2 . 5 ghz and the 3 Gb of ram . I really love this phone boo bad it has so many downsides .
-	The Bad: Screen could be brighter .  Average battery life for 3000mah .  Camera could have come with more features .  Multi window should support more apps
-	i am using G3 it shutdown automatically ,  some time after pressing power buttons it turn On and some time i have to remove battery then re-plug it for turn it ON my phone battery is really good  ,
-	but the disappoint thing is the battery drainage and the heating problem
-	recently i got update 246mb file .  .  after update battery performance not good .  . before 1 time for charging now daily 3 times .  .  very bad for update file .
-	My LG G3 was used for 12 months only ,  but recently found there is hardward problem when accessing any APPS ,  the screen will turn to dark without any response for a few seconds ,  the screen will turn on after pressing the back button .  I had changed a new battery and restored the mobile to factory mode several times ,  but the problem is still not cleared .
-	i have a problem random restart and shutdown once a day i dont know the problem .  1 to 2 times a day restart or shutdown .  its a faulty battery or software issue  ?     im on 5 . 0 . 1 version D850 .  i need some help .
-	I got this update as well i don't know what improvement did it make .  My phone's battery life still sucks .  I dont know when LG will release an update that will actually improve something on the Phone
-	I take phone today ,  but there is no LTE option in networks .  I beleive that phone is for UAE but I am in Europe .  .  .   ?     and its very slow ,  comparing to G2 which I have ,  I dont know what to do   ?      ?
-	hey thegere .  .  .  .  If you have any problem with the device share it so others who are willing to buy it may reconsider to buy and also if have some alternative under this price range ( 250USD )  than share it will help me and others alot .  .  .  .  . THANKS
-	I have Lg G3 for few months now .  Its very beautiful phone but has many problems mostly with battery life and overheating all the time .  My opinion is to choose something else .
-	LAGING , LESS BATTERY TIMMING AND HEATUP .  .  . AND ABOUT THE DISPLAY THAT IT IS TOO SHARP AND IT HURTS YOUR EYES .  .  .  . I am looking for a smartphone with good built quality , camera performance
-	The only 2 problems I found with this phone is that the screen contrast and brightness is poor .  The other is that the software could be better like multi window should support instant messaging and the camera needs more modes .  Battery is impressive Im on lollipop
-	hi guyz i having a issue my lg g3 d850 at & t did not have any update for lollipop done everythink like lg pc suite or etc tell me what to do
-	um so happy after sold lg g3  ( worst phone ever )  . do not buy please .  its my advise .  if you bought then please do not upgrade on lollipop . now um using Note4 .  .  its awesome and working super .  thumbs up for SAMSUNG
-	My LG G3 keeps turning on and off .  At first it happened when I turned on my Wi-fi .  I got it to work again after a few hours .  When taking calls ,  it turns on and off again .  It keeps randomly turning on and off .  It started happening morning of Nov .  21 ,  2015 .  I tried doing a hard reset ,  but it still won't work .
-	I am using lg g3 d855 and it has been switching off on its own I cant use it its not connected on the charger could it be the battery . did anyone face the same challenge too
-	I have lg g3 32gb d855 since 9months i bought it new box pack in march 2015  . after 7months i notice at the bottom casing around the microphone area gets thin crecked and now same thing going to upar area at the ir blaster  . i have no warranty in my country and no lg service center .
-	Hello guys ,  I am using G3 D850 for 3 months .  Everything is well except mobile hotspot function .  When I try it .  Message comes " Authentication was unsuccessful .  There is a temporary network problem that prevents the enablement of the mobile hotspot function .  Please try later "  .
-	Im using g3 32gb its a very nice phone but it heats to much ,  whenever im charging , texting and talking and most especially when gaming , does anyone experienced or experiencing it  ?
-	I have the LG G3  ( F400S )  .  Out of the box ,  there is no sound from the loudspeaker at all .  My laptop and PC do not recognise the phone  ( all drivers from LG ,  PC Suite installed )  and the USB OTG does not work .
-	Given that this is a superphone but wondering why battery drains so fast that it won't last a day .  Just a moderate user for gaming and surfing plus texting and playing music because I want to save my battery life after I'm out from work but I'm still disappointed coz even on a stand-by time ,  it does consume more power .  Just want to know if some of you here guys are experiencing the same issue on lollipop version .  I don't know if it due to OS update since lollipop is unstable or is it the battery the common problem on this phone  ?
-	I have the Lg3 my battery for not hold a charge at all and it glitches out and I always get missed calls but will get a voicemail  ,  does anybody have these problems  ?      ?      ?
-	hello guys ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  i have some problem in my LG G3 .  From when i reset my mobile ,  whenever my mobile bettry at 35 to 40% ,  ,  ,  it get off automatically ,  plz suggest me what can i do ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  i m fade up .  .  .  .
-	After The last Update the battery is taking so long to recharge  ?      ?     about 6 hours  .  .  anyone having this issue  ?
-	hi ,  i having major problems in lg g3 gold 32gb v20u during music play using headphone .  It produce hissing sound in left ear channel .   I have high expectation on this phone but due to audio problems ,  it's turn me off
-	I updated my G3 on the 5th of November and since then I have been having problems with my phone .  The battery runs out rapidly when the phone is on standby .  I cannot open any apps because it just freezes and my phone won't let me send any text messages .  I have tried to factory reset it in the setting and the phone doesn't respond to that .  When I turn it off and try the other factory reset way the by hold the down and off button ,  the phone doesn't respond to that either .  I have messaged LG about the problem and they have not come up with a solution .  Does any one have some advise for me  ?
-	The battery backup of G3 is worst .  Do not listen to others .  Just buy Samsung S5 or note 4 and enjoy .
-	Battery backup of G3 is worst .  Better buy S5 ,  Note 3 N9005 or note4 .
-	I had my first LGG3 replaced under warranty .  Second LGG3 is horrible ,  is thinks it's on headphones btw which I have never used .  When talking to people via phone call it goes into headphone mode and ppl hang up on me .  I call them back and ask why now have learned to put it on speaker or else people can't hear me talking to them .  Piece of crap .
-	90 out of 100 for its usage .  It is because it has 3gb Ram as its specification says .  But it gets heated up so quickly specially when its camera is used .  I can not make video shots with it .  it gets hang up or switched off while camera in use .  Secondly it gets heated up while a game is being played ,  not only heating up ,  horribly extreme level of heat has been noticed .  Examined up to 53 degree .
-	It lasted 2-3 hours for a full charge .  I've done factory restresetting the phone couple of times .  But nothing changed .  I'm very much in problem .  What should I do  ?      ?     Can anyone help me please  ?      ?     I'm using D-855 16gb model .  Thanks in advance .
-	I have this phone for few months ,  3gb version ,  I honestly think that the lollipop is the issue ,  phone is too laggy for it's specs ,  battery is poor ,  and it heats even on 10min surfing .  My previous phone was lg g2 32gb ,  had no problems ,  even faster than my g3 .  Give us update Lg  !
-	This phone drains your battery if you use brightness above 50% .  Also the stanby time is bad I lose 5% every 3hours
-	the battery is just average .  About the overheating ,  it happen once a month back where the phone was heating up for no reason , l had to turn it off to stop the heating .  It does not happen often or if you play heavy games
-	Dont buy G3
-	My LG G3 got restart again and again after sim insert
-	g3 specs but listen heating or battery drain fast issues on internet
-	This phone heats up a lot .  The battery is good but I keep getting ads popping up in my play store and I dont have any different apps than before .  I've had to wipe to new 2-3 times because of this .  It's annoying as well as user ability .  It freezes and shuts down .  The loading time for the apps is terrible even if I have full service /  full Wi-Fi connection .  I usually have to reboot and try again .  It's just a huge neussence .  I give it 2 stars .  One star for the battery and another star for the camera .
-	I have the same issue .  It will be great if LG fix that problem .  I don't touch my phone ,  and problem is heating and battery draining to fast .
-	Hello .  Everybody have a problem in Lg g3 since uptadet in lolipop .  i have also lg g3 and i love it .  I have kittkat verzion .  More little time ,  we will have the last softer 6 . 0 and then no more problem im sure in that .
-	i have the 32GB / 3G ram verizon model and after i updated to lollipop the phone consumes too much battery while the mobile data is on  .  . even if the phone screen is turned off and put in my pocket .  .  .  .  and it heats so bad even though while I'm not using it  .  does anyone have this issue or its just my phone  ?
-	I am not going to say LG G3 on screen time is really great with the QHD display to support : )  .  .  but the stand by time is pretty stable .
-	I first got my LG g3 less than a month ago .  I was charging it overnight one night and while on the charger my phone died .  I don't often charge my phone overnight because I keep hearing about how bad that is for the battery but it was the only time in my day that I could charge it .  After this my phone refused to charge for a few days no matter which combonation of 3 bricks  ( usb to wall plug )  and 3 cords from older phones we used .  A few days later we took the dead phone to a warrenty center to have it checked and they said it was a problem with the phone itself .  So I got a new phone from them ad today it is having a similar problem !  so frustrating !  now going to get my 3rd copy .  .  lets see if this one will hold a charge .  .
-	battery back up is too poor . If you use the phone for 10 minutes , it looses 6-8% charge . With this type of bettery back up , this is really a shit .
-	So disappointing that Lg made such a disgrace to a great phone
-	I hate it's over heating issue as I am unable to use this phone just bcz it gets heat up soon  .  Thank god I have spare phone as I can't be dependent on this phone any more .  .  not worth buying .  .  .  better option in this price range .
-	I only have 3 issues with this phone .  I don't receive push notifications on mobile data ,  the phone overheats when playing heavy games for 5mins and the battery drains ridiculously fast on stanby or playing any game .  I hope that this is a lollipop bug but Im sure the overheating cant be solved .
-	sometimes it heats up immensely and battrey drains so fast .  The problem doesn't solve until plugged in
-	LG made a big flop with this .  I don't think any update can fix the battery problem here .  And why does it over heat  ?     the oppo find 7 dosnt heat up either .  Makes you wonder if LG made this fone over a weekend .
-	i am not satisfied with this phone .  my phone is LG G3 3GB but aps is too lagging ,  android dailer make more heat .  touch screen not good .
-	Lg g3 best position kit Kat version downloading is great and work is well lollipop versions downloading is too slow i have both versions 95 , 55 . s
-	Not happy as it continues to shutdown without any known reason .  If anyone can help me with a solution ,  I would be too grateful to them .
-	I returned this phone within two days .  Lot of bugs ,  battery sucks ,  bad touch sense ,  very hot even in normal browsing ,  very less features ,  no difference between 2k and 1k screen resolution ,  average camera quality ,  etc .  But ear phone sound quality was good .
-	DON'T BUY MOBILE PHONE IN AMAZON .  I PURCHASED THIS PHONE ,  HE WILL PROVIDE ME USED PHONE ,  LIKE VERY CHEAP . AND ACCESSORIES PROVIDE DIFFERENT PHONE AND CHEAP QUALITY .  I AM FACING A LOT OF PROBLEM .  AND I HAVE COURIER THIS PHONE
-	I have been using this phone for 8 months .  .  .  . so far average but now started restarting 4 to 5 times daily even though I am using this with extra care .  I would definitely not recommend this phone from LG .
-	The phone should be avoided .  .  .  Its battery died before 10 months and new battery is also having problem .  The sound is not upto the mark .  Its music player starts on its own .  Plz avoid .
-	Phone seems to get overheated many times .
-	Got this product yesterday . All i can say everything is good like camera scren quality . But the battery back up sucks . It lasted for 2 . 5hr only and it get super hot when u play video over wifi . Just want say if u need good battery back dnt go for this .
-	Voice quality is not good .
-	Phone keeps restarting itself after updating to Lollipop .  Many has the same problem .  never buy LG mobiles .
-	the battery drains very quickly due to high screen resolution .  Moreover we cannot differentiate any high quality in this screen with our eyes .
-	It is the worst phone  . I just hate it  . It has so many features but no battery backup . What is the use of having so many features but no battery back up . I regret for taking this phone . Please dont prefer this phone If you prefer you have to regret later on . This is out of my experience . Thank you
-	The device began to hang within a week .  .  .  The touch screen doesn't respond at times .  .  .  Camera quality not as great as advertised .  .  .  3GB ram not of much use as games tend to crash the device .  .  .  Alot of lag with the UI
-	The product is not worth the money .  There are so many issues with this phone .  Frequent restarts ,  apps stop working ,  phone gets hanging ,  the phone gets heated all of a sudden and needed to take out and put the battery in to solve all these issues .  This is happening periodically . I would suggest to invest the money in a branded phones like iPhone or HTC .  No LG phones please !  !
-	Poor battery performance . Heats like hell while playing games . Not got what was promised by seller ( Rainbow )  . Amazon also not responding to mails .
-	After using the LG L90 for a year I had become a fan of the LG product and decided to go for the LG G3 even though LG G4 had launched because the SAR value of the G3 was very low .  After using for a few days found that the phone lags ,  overheats ,  and battery drains out with very nominal usage of feww calls and messages ,  ,  ,  ,  ( i hardly use internet thru out the day  )   ,  maybe max 1 hr a day ,  ,  ,  ,  and no movies or music is played  ,  still battery has to be charged twice a day atleast . Extremely unhappy with my LG phone ,  will never buy a LG phone again .
-	Bought the Phone in December'14 ,  within two months the phone display broken which fell from considerably small height .  As mentioned in the Box One time Free screen replacement is there .  As i immediately approached LG customer care ,  they straight away refused that for physical damage it will not be covered under free replacement .  Dont understand how else can a mobile screen be damaged and on what basis the free replacement will be done .  Again i started approaching LG now ,  they are mentioning that free replacement is valid for six months only .  adding to that now the customer care representative is mentioning that there free replacement is possible for physical damage and records are there for my earlier complaint but nothing cant be done now
-	The looks of phone are really great and that is the only reason for me to take this phone but guys this phone really not worth paying this much amount .  It has got serious heating problem .  Remaining everything is good but the battery drains out very fast after catching the heat .  If you are opting for thus phone think multiple times and be ready to face the problem
-	I'm wondering if the mobile phone or the battery is defective here .  Phone does not charge upto 100% battery even after charging for 13 hours straight !  And once operational ,  battery discharges within 4 to 5 hours of basic operation .
-	Not so worthy .  .  .  Nexus is better
-	The product details does not mention RAM or what version of Android it runs
-	Again LG failed to build a Lag free ROM  .  It's the worst comparatively Samsung  &  Sony Phone  .  The HTC sense OS are very responsive and LAG free  .  I like HTC sense among all android Manufacturers
-	QHD eating Battery ,  every single minute the battery percentage is getting down  .  This is the worst I have noticed  .  However the Backup of this phone is nearby or Slightly better than M7 Only .  Rest Note 2  ,  3  ,  S5  ,  Z3  ,  M8 have better battery life
-	The inbuilt IR blaster is too weak comparatively M7 , M8  &  S5  Even from an Inch the device is not getting controlled
-	Pre-Installed Unnecessary Apps
-	Heat Issue  (  Biggest Concern for LG  )  near to camera on a minimum usage  (  Facebook ,  Whatsapp  &  twitter  )  of the device
-	There is so much of lagging on the arrival day itself .  .  Not satisfied .
-	After using the phone when in standby mode the phone heats and battery drains fastly actually with the QHD DISPLAY screen consume much battery then other excellent phone with poor battery
-	heating issues even for calls .  . quad hd not upto mark  .  low contrast .  . not worth for 35000
-	Low battery life on decent usage .  .  Excellent camera .  And smooth flow .  .
-	automatically shut down many times while bettry is full
-	this phone has overheating Issues .
-	Seriously ,  there is no point to have awesome features when you cannot use them .  No matter how much I try ,  battery drains super fast . I always keep my brightness low and try to minimize usage of heavy battery consumption applications as much as possible .  Still the phone would consume the battery quickly .
-	Negative part of the phone is the handset gets hot even after 1 call .  It is impossible to talk for more than 5-7 Mins as it gets so heated up that you start feeling burning sensation on your ears .
-	Audio is not good
-	This phone has heating and hanging issues .  complained flipkart on this and they replaced with new one .  For my surprise the replacement phone also had same issue . When i complained on this again they offered to return my money .
-	This phone is crazily overpriced for stupid reasons .  no finger print scanner , no waterproof rating ,  no super amoled screen ,  no heartrate scanner and photos not clear in dark too much picture noise .
-	I bought LG G3 a few days back after using Galaxy S3 for many years which developed quite a bit of lag after updating OS to JB and also due to many Apps installed . Many good things are talked about this phone , which are true and I like them .  What I found which is not mentioned generally is that you cannot browse internet or use any App that needs data access while you are in a call .  I find this a serious disadvantage .  Even my old S3 supported this .  G3 being a new generation phone ,  I find this a serious flaw .
-	The phone is getting hanged for minutes within 1 week
-	I didn't find any useful things in this phone .  .  .  . I can't even put my contact PIC in my phone and phone memory also very lose don't buy this phone .  .  .  .  . plz consider my request better to go another phones .  .  .
-	Pretty bad .  Battery drainage is too high ,  doesn't last long .  Feels like ,  need to keep on charging the mobile .  Bad choice .
-	Front Camera not good , it gives bad pixels .
-	DISPALY IS NOT GOOD
-	Cool phone features ,  good display .  It is not better than Samsung at all though .  The overheating on this phone is AWFUL .  My fingers and hand were very hot from using it with the brightness all the way down and no apps running .  Good phone but it's not for me
-	Charger stopped working after a week cannot use universal microusb .  .  .  Pop up says  " charging stopped please use cord that came with the phone "  grrrr and verizon wont do anything cause i didnt buy from them
-	Just opened up and tried to activate and the SIM card wouldn't read .  Thought maybe the card had an issue ,  so I used another SIM card and still didn't work .  think the SIM card and SD card reader has an issue .
-	Power button works intermittently ,  screen will shut off immediately after turning on ,  Google search pops up randomly ,  for zero reason ,  usually when listening to music .  GPS is literally useless anymore  ( Read as: it doesn't work ,  at all )  ,  touch screen has severe sensitivity issues ,  bloatware is ridiculous ,  and uses tons of background data ,  charging port is going out after 1 . 5 months of use ,  mini stereo jack is going out too .  I mean ,  the list goes on and on .  I have had these problems with every G3 that I've had .
-	Screen cracked within a week of getting it .  Not even sure how .  Small crack causes entire screen not to work .  Had two LG G2 and same thing happened .  I will never purchase LG again .
-	I am extremely disappointed .  My LG3 shuts down by itself and want turn on unless I plug it to the charger even if the battery is fully charged !  !  !  !
-	Phone screen and digitizer broke the first time I dropped it  ( landed flat ,  not even on a corner )  ,  also got really hot if used for more than 30 minutes
-	2 months ago ,  my phone got a dead spot directly across the center of the phone .  I did not drop it or anything to cause damage to cause this .  VERY dissatisfied .  I haven't even had it an entire year yet .
-	It ok .  When you open the back it is very filty .  It is clutching when turning on or off and some days doesn't want to turn on .
-	Worked great for less than a year .  Bought it in July 2015 ,  now screen no longer functioning as of end of February 2016 .  .  .  kind of a waste of money when I was attempting to save money by not having a contract with verizon .  .  .
-	Bought from verizon store .  I liked everything about this phone but the battery burns out way too fast ,  which is a huge pet peeve for me .  Also ,  not a year after I bought this ,  it has stopped charging .  Big disappointment .
-	Bought in August and the sim card reader no longer works .  It is only 6 months old .  Never dropped it .  It has always been in a protective case .
-	Huge disappointment coming from a galaxy s4 .  I was told this would be on par with my year and a half year old phone but this simply is not true .  It has a significant limitation to multitasking and I find it continuously closing out applications on me  ( playing I heart radio while running the GPS often will close out of both )  while my old galaxy could do both of those and Facebook / email / etc .  Its a major step down and I will certainly be getting a galaxy again next .  The only good thing about this phone is I only have to have it for one year .  If this is your first smart phone you'll likely be Impressed ,  if you've used another high end smartphone you'll likely find this one underpowered
-	The worst phone ever had went through four of them in 2 weeks cause it would shut off on its own
-	DO NOT BUY THEIR USED / REFURBISHED PHONES !  !  I bought a phone and it died on me in a few months .
-	Shipped with broken NFC connectors ,  refuses to make data connections at less than 5 bars .
-	i hate this phone .  It sends messages to whoever you're texting like 8 times .  You have to hit the screen a bunch of times to unlock it .  I wish I never got it .  Can't wait until income tax to get rid of it !
-	I have had it less than a month ,  dropped it once and it's shattered .
-	After about 2 months the phone began connecting / disconnecting to my wireless connection .  By this I mean every few seconds .  It literally did it dozens of times while I was on hold waiting for technical support .  They were unable to help correct the problem and eventually had me reset the phone to factory specs .  Of course that didn't work and I had to get a warranty replacement .
-	had 2-3 issues wrong right out of the box .  decided to return it .
-	Badly scrached on screen and back .  Runs fine so far .
-	The phone isn't that great .  Had it for a couple days and it started to turn off on its own .  Wouldn't purchase stay away
-	Terrible stock rom Speakerphone issues ,  not loud enough ,  would drop calls when switching between speakerphone and non-speakerphone . Microphone easily by many different cases ,  had to try several different ones and it's still messed . Battery lasts less than one day with normal use .  This phone is terrible .  Will never buy from LG again .
-	Disappointed .  I have this phone for 6 months .  Battery life is poor likely due to screen being a battery hog .  Ultra HD screen is a gimmick  ;  inconsequential for a human eye .  Screen brightness in outdoor situation is an issue .  Screen freezes once in a while and transition between screens is not smooth .
-	Lasted 5 hours .  Died shortly after .  I mean ,  died ,  as in it became unresponsive and would not react to a new battery or being charged .  I took it to the Verizon store ,  and they said it was defective .  So ,  something went wrong ,  just not sure what .
-	Not happy with devices sent ,  when you buy 2 ,  and only one works .  Shame it only lets me give one star .  Stay with HTC .  And maybe eBay .
-	Had to send back 2x through Amazon for defective hardware .  They even charged me a restocking fee once I told them I gave up and was scared that they would send me another defective piece of equipment .
-	plastic back gave for a bad feeling build quality .  I didn't drop it because as soon as I used it a little I realized I would be returning it so I couldn't test it . screen lag doing anything , turning the screen on ,  camera shudder opening an app  ( ANY app )  color on the screen were not vibrant .  yeah it has a big screen and gets real bright but the colors were not vibrant . x1000 battery life .  had battery life of the first gen 4g phones .  like ,  I'd take it off the charger and it predicted it had 8 hours of battery life without opening any apps ,  from a fresh start
-	The lg g3 is the worse phone .  In less than 3 months ,  the does not take a charge ,  no calls are even able to come through  ,  all calls go straight to voicemail .  I have it with sprint and they already replaced the first g3 that didnt work ,  now the second phone started doing the same thing .  They offered to replace it again and at this point i wouldn't take this phone if they paid me .
-	Overall great phone ,  until you realize that lg has sub-par manufacturing .  My phone developed a crack on the mic ,  this phone is perfect .  Amazing how both LG and AT & T know nothing about this ,  even when other carriers are replacing handsets . If you decide to get this phone and go with AT & T ,  get the warranty and get ready to explain and prove that it was not you that caused these cracks .
-	The phone was rooted  ( I don't know what that is )  and I was unable to update the operating system .  I returned it .  I wanted an unlocked phone without all the bloat-ware that AT & T puts on their version of the phones .  I will wait for the new Google Nexus 5 2015 to come out this Oct or Nov .  and purchase that .
-	Arrived defective .  Flickering screen .  Same issue I've read in other complaints .  Returned .  Oh well .  Shipping was swift though ,  and well packaged .  Pity about the product .
-	I have no idea how this phone has any positive reviews .  I suppose it was a decent phone for the first week I owned it .  I've had it a year now and everyday I grow to hate it more .  It's not all bad though ,  sometimes this phone is so terrible that I actually laugh a little ,  then I think about how good the marketing staff at LG is ,  cause they got me to pay $350 for a piece of plastic that lights up when the battery isn't dead .
-	locked up after three months - worst phone I have ever owned
-	Will not let me get into play store .  Send it back .
-	The phone itself is very slippery .  Face up / face down it's simply hard to grab .  Without a case I was always on the verge of dropping it .  When it was face down on a slightly slanted surface it would slowly slide allllllll the way down til it fell off .  You MUST get a case with this phone if you don't want to be dropping it every time you attempt to pick it up .
-	About 50% of the time people have trouble hearing me when we are talking on the phone .  If I hang up and call them back it's fine .  For some reason the mic on the phone is very nilly willy .  Sometimes it works ,  sometimes it doesn't .  I shouldn't have to hang up mid convo half the time .  Rather obnoxious .
-	The phone is SLOW as ever .  Whether I am trying to unlock the phone  ( I use the knock code )  ,  switch between apps ,  or simply trying to text ,  this phone cannot keep up .  More often than not I have to put my knock code at least twice before the phone recognizes it .  Not that I am typing it in wrong either ,  the phone just doesn't register .  When switching between apps I have to push the back button OVER AND OVER AND OVER just to get out of the current app .
-	There was no armour protection at all .  Dropped phone it broke .
-	Phone sucks !
-	Garbage .  Cheapo dispos-a-phones work better than this flushable dumb phone .  From the dim display to the useless controls that defy common sense to the bitter end .  What a treat it is to call an automated phone system with a phone that has a vanishing keypad which ends the call like magic should the wrong button be pushed .  there's only 3 of 'em Vol up / down and on / off THAT MORE OFTEN THAN NOT decide to begin a photo essay of your new anger management methods .  Grand Canyon Frisbee comes to mind each time I think of LG G3 phones amazing sucking farts from dead chickens feature .  Both add up to the same result .  LG+G3<0 = { }
-	Too small compared to my Galaxy Note 2 .  I wanted a big phone not a smaller one .
-	I hate this phone .  I will definitely go back to my Apple product .
-	Defective Hardware .  It has a 4k res camera ,  but whenever you use it ,  you have a 10% chance that you will not be able to record audio . it glitches like crazy whenever I try to use my 4k camera feature ,  and this glitch is made even worse ,  and more apparent whenever you zoom in . I returned my first phone ,  and had a replacement sent to me .  But it is obvious that it is a major design defect ,  because both phones have the same problem .  I do not know if this affect will happen with 2k ,  or with any other function ,  but I do know that it is very disappointing to pay $600 for something that is supposed to be  " top of the line "  .
-	Junk .  I've had this phone for a week now and have had nothing but problems . Battery: The battery life is very disappointing .  It takes about about 6 hours to charge and lasts about 1-2 hours of on and off use .  Overheating: No matter what you are doing on the phone ,  it will get very hot .  It gets to the point where i have to set it down due to the uncomfort of the heat .  Connectivity: Everyone in my family switched to Sprint and we all got different phones .  I was the only one who got the G3 and am regretting it .  Everyone gets great service whereas i can barely connect to even wifi .  Cheaply made: This phone is made very poor .  It is slippery due to the plastic body .  The camera shatterd while in my pocket for no apparent reason . I would never recommend this piece of junk to anyone .
-	I have a BB Torch 9850 ,  great phone ,  easy to use ,  instructions in plain English .  I decided to move up to LTE because it claims to be faster ,  BULL .  I got an LG G3 .  I like the screen ,  that's all .  My old Blackberry 9850 is just as fast with 3G .  LG came with limited instructions and no in phone user directions like the Blackberry .  Im going back to Blackberry where they use plain English to help you .  For instance ,  my Blackberry came without a manual ,  in two weeks I was operating it like a pro .  not with the LG G3 .  Overated crap .
-	Both phones broke within a week piece of trash
-	Very disappointed  ,  the cellphone is cracked on the bottom and I feel that I just wasted my money because at anytime that crack will damage the screen  ,  and the charger doesn't not work AT ALL ,  I know that buying used isn't always good but gezzzz this was the worst and I will not be recommending or buying from this vendor ever ,  I did not ask for a return becAuse I need the phone like crazy  , and because I was just replacing my brand new one I just used charger from it and keep the phone away from falling because I know that very soon I will have to replace it
-	Snappy processor but screen was washed out and had color banding issues  ,  returned for refund
-	Whether you get this phone on contract or pay $600 for it ,  it will be loaded with spyware and bloatware .  I'm sure these companies get kickbacks for installing all this garbage .  It's a violation of my privacy and personal property .  As a tech geek it takes all the fun out of owning anything .  Why don't I take my business elsewhere  ?     It would mean being without a computer ,  phone and contact with the outside world .  Every one of these companies feels entitled to charge you $600 ,  waste space on your phone with uninstallable garbage apps ,  endanger your security and pass your data out to practically anybody .  I disabled about 20 apps and will probably have to root my phone .  You shouldn't have to pay a cent for this phone .  They should be paying you .
-	The phone is nice and all .  But i'm having major problems with the phone's bluetooth and car bluetooth .  My 2014 lexus E350 and the lg G3 phone are apparently not compatible .  The connect is unstable .  Therefore I have to buy a new phone .  So my recommendation is if you have a lexus don't get the LG G3 or vise versa .
-	Worked just fine for a few months but after a software patch the phone went into a rolling reboot . Now I have to mail it to LG for repair and will be with out a phone until its returned to me . I should of just bought another Iphone .  Finally got a replacement after 10 days and it worked ok for over a year but today it died .  Now I have the blue screen of death .  Looks like I am phone shopping today and will never buy a LG again .  I am hearing there new phones and not any better .
-	this phone on sprint did nothing but drop data i was very upset that sprint would send this phone out like that
-	This is the worst phone I've ever purchased !  I bought this phone for T-Mobile with insurance .  The next day I bought it I had to return it because the battery went from 100% to 0% within 5 hours .  They gave me another new phone ,  same issue except the second phone doesn't die as fast as the one i had before .  Everything about this phone is great but the battery life completely sucks .  Never again I'm buying this !
-	Quad HD  ?     2560 x 1440  ?     What LG  ?      ?     Quad HD means 4 times as many pixels as HD resolution offers . World Full HD standard: 1920 x 1080 = 2 . 07 MpixelWorld Quad HD resolution standard: 3840 x 2160 = 8 . 3 Mpixel  ( 2 . 07Mpixel x 4 )  .  LG  " QUAD "  resolutuion: 2560 x 1440 = 3 . 68 Mpixel  ( 2 . 07Mpixel x 1 . 7 )  How is this a Quad HD  ?      ?      ?     LG is obviously thinking that all their consumer is so stupid .  Maybe they are right .  I would never buy a phone from the company that makes such ridiculous false statements right on a box .
-	Bought this phone and it is great except that the microphone has issues .  It keeps cutting in and out .  People say I sound like I'm very far away or underwater .  I replaced the first and the second has the same problem .  It is definitely not the way I'm holding it or the case .  I will trade it in for something else .
-	The input for the charger broke after only 2 months so now it can't be charged .
-	This phone is horrible !  I would not recommend it to anyone .  It was time for an upgrade so I went and checked out phones at the Sprint store .  This seemed to be intuitive and easy to use and have a good camera .  The problem is our it's noted user friendly our nearly as easy my Samsung Galaxy 3 was .  Nothing but issues .  Now I'm either stuck with this piece of junk or I have to pay full price for the phone I want .  Do yourself a favor and get a Galaxy 5 .  You'll be much happier .
-	I had a terrible experience with this phone .  I purchased mine at Best Buy instead of Amazon .  I was shocked by the glowing reviews on Amazon ,  so I had to put in my 2 cents .  My original G3 had a wonky micro-USB port .  You had to tilt and wiggle the plug just to get it in .  It was an annoying struggle .  The phone was also prone to random reboots and at times would start inputting numbers instead of letters when I pushed the letter keys on the LG keyboard .
-	Bad phone
-	it didn't even turn on next day
-	I would recommend the phone but DON'T BUY IT FROM SPRINT .  They are the worse wireless company in the world .  You would buy a awesome phone but recieve the worse customer service in the world .
-	Didn't buy here on Amazon still wanted to review though first it dims all the time slow and pauses all the time when I am typing planning to return and get Samsung 5 just really was not feeling from day 1 star because won't let post without hate I chose this phone
-	First day while waiting for my case thru amazon if fell off my chair unto a area rug it's in pieces all over the screen would not even start up .  I was with AT & T with insurance of course not covered
-	About a month ago I got pissed cuz I could not see something on my iphone 5 .  So I went and bought Samsung GALAXYS5 buggy software I took it back .  Got the LG3 and same thing buggy software ,  Must be an Android thing .  .  .  Now I'm selling the LG3 and WAITING for the new iPhones .  .
-	give this phone 1 star .  First and foremost the LG G3 has to be a phone .  The G3 must be able to connect to the AT & T network for data and GSM for phone calls .
-	I bought an LG G3 .  The charging port on it didn't work properly .  Any charging cable I used needed to be wiggled around and held in a certain position before it would charge properly .  I reported this to Verizon and they gave me the runaround .  The phone ended up bursting into flames  ( actually lots and lots of smoke )  and finally Verizon decided to take notice .  After seeing all the scorching on the phone they said for the low low cost of 8 . 99 I can have the phone replaced .  .  .  they acknowledged it was a manufacturer defect over and over again and still made me pay to have it replaced !  !  !  !  The best part ,  when the phone phone came it it has the same problems as the old phone .  Charging port doesn't work and I found out the replaced it with a refurbished phone that doesn't quite work right .
-	I just lowered the stars from 4 down to 1 ,  so people will read this review and reconsider purchasing a G3 .  I have a more aggravating problem with this phone .  Whenever the phone switches from 4G to 3G ,  the battery starts to drop FAST and the phone gets uncomfortably hot .  It happens EVERY TIME I am in a 3G area .  The only way I have found to stop the battery drain and heat ,  is to turn off Mobile Data .  I can still send and receive calls ,  but no apps or Internet Access .  I like everything else about this phone ,  but if you are on the fence between this phone and Samsung G6 ,  go with the G6 .  My daughter has one and has no issues .
-	Vibrates on and off for 10 minutes after fully charged ,  which is normally in the middle of the night .  To combat this I have to set the vibration to the lowest setting and make sure the phone is on carpet when charging .  I do not particularly like this  " power saving "  feature .  I contacted LG and they are  " working on it ,  "   " googles fault ,  "  and that there is  " nothing they can do .  "  On top of not taking responsibility the customer service rep came off as rude and could not care less about the problem .  How hard it it to write software to have the option to turn that off !  !  !  I took off 4 stars because I value my sleep .  I went to two Verizon stores and they both said call LG and that they have received similar complaints .
-	After 16 months with my phone ,  which I purchased brand new on Amazon ,  the screen faded to black from the corners and subsequently turned off .  The haptic feedback and LED light indicated that the phone was still working ,  so I am assuming the LCD panel was bad .  Subsequently ,  the screen only flickered on occasionally ,  going dark within seconds
-	My Lg G3 phone had the overheat issue and I got 80+ ( C )  degree on the CPU from my two week experience .  This is not the normal temperature for a smartphone .  Once the phone got too warm  ( hot )  ,  the screen started lagging and the battery got drained fast .  I had to return this phone .  Honestly i love this phone with all the new features ,  but the lags and battery life when it gets too warm stopped me from keeping it .
-	Battery life is very short ,  there are days I find my phone is down to 60% or less by lunch time even though I haven't touched my phone all day .  I have to carry a charged spare battery just to ensure I have phone service all day .
-	This phone was great for the first few months .  Then it went downhill .  The phone would overheat constantly ,  especially on the back near the power and volume button .  On the front of the screen ,  the bottom half would be cool ,  but the top half would be hot to touch .  The screen and operating system interface were extremely laggy almost to the point of needing rebooted every day .  For the last 6 months or so ,  I've dealt with a screen that was dim 90% of the time .  It might have gone to full brightness for a few seconds ,  but quickly back to dim .  Just recently my phone died a glorious death ,  overheating ,  freezing ,  and then the screen would fade slowly to black ,  then flash nonstop ,  then do nothing for 30 minutes .  It's been a day ,  and the longest I've been able to do anything was a stretch of about 15 seconds where I was able to text wife ,   " Phone died .  "  I would not recommend this phone .
-	Terrible - turns on at random moments and it is supposed to be a  " feature "  .
-	The battery life is horrible ,  it overheats ,  it feels cheap and its slow .  My previous phone was the Galaxy s3 and I loved it .  I had high hopes with this phone as a replacement ,  larger screen ,  higher resolution ,  great camera .  .  but it's been a huge disappointment .  The camera is great ,  but everything else is lacking .  I'm a big fan of the LG brand in general ,  but I'll never buy another one of their phones again .
-	I have some issue with the camera not being focus correctly and the pattern login didn't activate even though I turned the feature on .  Sometimes is on and sometimes is not .  I'm returning this LG G3 phone and should look for Samsung Note 4 instead .  I expected this LG phone should be the cutting edge ,  unfortunately ,  not in this case .
-	I was so excited for this phone but .  .  It was good for 3 months it's slowly getting worst I've been having this problems saying when I go online  " cannot connect to proxy server "  now I've never had this with any other phone and it's upsetting me .  I got this from Sprint and it's terrible this phone is messed up from the inside happiness for this phone dissapared .
-	I bought the LG G3 in October of 2014 - the mic has already gone out .  Can only speak to callers through bluetooth or speaker .  The phone is extremely slow and I'm only using less than half of total space  ( should not be this slow )  and lately it freezes up and the only way to get is back in  " working order "  is to pop the battery .  So ,  this has been the most frustrating phone I've owned .  Based on other reviews I can only assume I got a lemon .
-	Overheats .  I loved my G2 so bought a G3 .  Mistake .  The phone overheats really quickly and when it does it throttles performance .  It will start lagging and all sorts of not so nice stuff .  Camera is great as always and battery life was decent but nowhere near G2 levels .  I really wanted to like this phone but ended up sending it back .
-	This phone is okay .  It has trouble staying connected to Wifi .  It also has an issue where the phone will randomly shut down apps while you're using them .  Searching the forums ,  this is a known issue that can sometimes be fixed with a software reset .  I did this ,  and within the first day it shut down Pandora again .
-	This is definitely the WORST cellphone I've owned .  The battery drain is horrendous ,  and call reception is poor .  Please note that I'm using the same Provider ,  in the same rooms / buildings /  areas as before ,  and not a huge data user .  I went for the BIG screen--HUGE mistake .  And 20 months left on the Contract .
-	Ran sluggish when we purchased it .  Granted I had a Nexus 5 that didn't have all the manufacturer garbage apps on it .  I did like the camera and the focus on it - it could focus on near and far in the same photo .  We returned .
-	I just didn't care for it ,  don't really know why the battery run down kind of fast but it probably was my apps and how I was using it .  went to a droid turbo and like it
-	This phone broke after I had it 7 months or so .  Despite Sprint and LG admitting it was a warranty issue ,  neither LG or Sprint would repair it .
-	Excellent hardware specs ,  poor durability .  Dropped it from 2 feet and the screen shattered .  Really ,  it shattered .  Completely unusable .
-	The pattern was spliced all the way across the cover adv bout an inch from the top of the phone .
-	Terrible autocorrect .  I've tried the LG keyboard and 9 other Android keyboards ;  and none come close to the intelligence of the iPhone .  How can LG issue a phone that cannot even put an apostrophe in words like  " didn't "  ,   " I'm "  ,   " it's "  ,   " hasn't "   ?      ?     I thought with time that the phone would quickly learn the right words ;  two months later ,  that hasn't happened . No mute button on the exterior of the phone .
-	Defective phone !  The audio Jack icon kept appearing and volumen could NOT BE HEARD !
-	Burn screen p they offer my money back but i keep the phone anyway good phone
-	Great phone ,  but it's not unlocked .  I bought it before shipping out to an overseas posting ,  only to find that the local SIM wouldn't work without an unlock code .  It is taking long ,  complicated ,  frustrating calls with AT & T to get this worked out .
-	After 1 week ,  phone randomly reboots .  Hard reset 3 times .  Disabled several Google apps ,  Verizon and Lg bloatware .  Hoping this solves problem or phone is going back .  Disappointed Lg doesn't hasn't updated to kit Kat 4 . 4 . 4 .  Wife has Motorola phone that gets latest updates quickly .  Lg better hire more software engineers if it wants to compete in very competitive cell phone market .  .  .
-	Has glitches .  Such as shutting off randomly  &  unlocking / locking randomly .  Will turn some features randomly by itself .  Battery life is efficient however .   &  can be fast when it wants .
-	The screen broke with one drop while in a case .  A co-worker had the same issue with it .  The gorilla glass is not that strong .  Other than that ,  a good phone .
-	good for money but messes up with hangouts android .
-	Used it as main line phone for a month ,  didn't like it at all .  .  . now is my second line ,  hardly used .
-	The battery stopped working after the first time used
-	Poor battery life ,  low quality of photo ,  cannot even store picture time stamp in the phone right ,  the time stamp is always wrong .  I switched from iPhone 4s to this one ,  thought just read the online document ,  it would be not big deal for either iPhone or Android phone .  Oh ,  yes ,  the photos I removed from the phone would come back on the second day or two ,  pretty annoying .  right now it worth only one cent ,  you would waste more money in a long run .  what a joke !
-	It's a piece of shit . if I cover up the camera and try to turn it on it'll flash on and off and it won't turn on in the dark it spazes out  .  .  . I've had it for about a week and a half ya it has its perks but it's still not a very good phone
-	I was hoping that it would be better than the Galaxy S3 I had previously had .  It's a big dissapointment .  for instance I miss the ease of txting on the galaxy and certain apps will not down load to the LG3 like Credit Karma .  I was hoping for an upgrade and recieved a down grade in my eyes .  Even the camera is not as good as I hoped .
-	I tried the phone at the at & t store and was surprised by all the positive reviews about the screen .  It's the worest among all the phones that I had ,  and I had many ,  including the LG G pro and HTC One M8 . Specification wise is a great pone ,  but in reality ,  a bad overpriced phone .
-	The phone seems to be immature and needs to focus more on its shortcuts and user friendliness .  Seems like um always pressing the back button and the exterior of the phone is so darn slippery And can't hardly keep it in my hands while texting ,  I mean it has great graphics and beautiful display but the texting is all over the place with adding punctuation where I don't want it and not spacing words unless hitting spacebar twice .
-	The battery dies out quickly too .  However ,  I am sure that is my fault because I have so many messenger apps and my screen is always at 100% brightness .
-	Cumbersome volume and power buttons on back of phone .  I will never buy another handset with buttons on the back .  Related to the point before ,  it is very difficult to do a screenshot  ( pressing volume down and power button at same time )  . No missed call or message notifications stay on the screen when the phone is locked .
-	First issue that started to occur was it's inability to turn the screen back on during a phone call .  Now I must wait for the other person to hang up and if I get a voice mail I need to pull the battery .  Second problem occurred with the screen .  Somehow a white frost like ring has developed around the screen .  It becomes more serious with a lower brightness setting .
-	When I linked Bluetooth to my car  ( latest Cadillac )  to listen music ,  the sound likes to be blocked ,  blurred and volume is very small ,  I have to turn volume to maximum .  I tried with different music players ,  all are same effect .  I speculate it is LG's Bluetooth transmitter is with problem .
-	overheats after over 7 min of use ,  overheating leads to lag / sluggish performance and plastic ,  cheap feel
-	good for money but messes up with hangouts android .
