+	I don't understand how so many people have battery problems here .  I haven't experienced any of them .  My G3 D855 came with lollipop .  You must have a faulty battery or using heavy apps .  Unless all other variants except the D855 are faulty .  My advice is to stick with V5 . 0 don't do any updates not even 5 . 02 until 6 . 0 is out . 
+	this device is best .  .  . it gets a bit hot when playing games but nonetheless it's a great experience
+	I think its a good buy for the price and very durable phone
+	Excellent phone ,  I buy an French model made in Korea .  How can I clean a cash system memory  ?      ?      ?    
+	The best phone I have ever owned !  !  ! It is just amazing and so comfortable ! The UI needs some work but I hope it will be fixed in the marshmallow update . I really recommend this phone to anybody
+	Its a battery issue .  Mine also used to happen the same . so i replaced the battery and now everything is fine .  No regrets whatsoever . 
+	As I said previously ,  I did not encounter any heat problems with my G3 ,  now I have it since 2 weeks and I really like it ,  I have very few lag ,  and milli second really ,  My screen is nice it doesn't have any real tint ,  yellow or other ,  the camera as I said is awesome  ,  really fast and crisp for a phone ,  I have nothing more to say  ,  I really enjoy it and I don't regret my purchase
+	I had this phone on OS 5 . 0 and I do not encounter any heating problem like some state !  however a new OS 6 . 0 come out in two week time .  There are no problem with the battery or lagging issue !  If you having it on wireless charging then there will be some heat as any other wireless charger since the transfer of energy will generated heat !  : ) 
+	I've got my LG G3 32GB 3GB ram : since one week now ,  I am a moderate user ,  few calls ,  plenty of SMS  ,  few games ,  solitaire and jewel quest 5 ,  average photo taker ,  few internet browsing .  .  . my battery stay easily 2 days ,  during the night it loose 1%  !  !  !  so far so good  .  .  . the screen is nice my wife has a Z3 and yes her screen is a little bit better but even in full light I can see my screen perfectly ,  so again so far so good . the camera is awesome again compare to the 20Mp of the Z3 mine is faster  ,  charper  ,  I am talking about basic picture I mean without any setting just out of the box now you can always set it the way you want ,  but again very pleasant to use . now the UI  ,  yes from taime to time it seems that there is few hold  ,  a micro second or so  ,  but the interface is as pleasant to use as samsung for instance ,  I got a note 3 so I know what I am talking about  .  .  .  again so far so good .  .  .  I have android 5 . 0 . the buttons in the back are easy to use I didnt get any problems to adapt my myself to that . 
+	Dude , the phone is awesome ! especially for that price too .  I bought like 4 months ago and dont regret it .  Everything is good about it ,  the battery life ,  display ,  camera and it runs really fast ,  even when u have many apps open at the same time .  The only down side is that there isnt soo much space to put in ur pocket if u have skinny jeans on lol .  I recommend the gold one ,  looks amazing !  :D
+	Got mine summer of 2015 and love it .  It was well after the G4 same out so it was pretty much free as an upgrade phone .  They only thing that would make it better would be a stylus imo .  They have some nice aftermarket styluses you can buy but the good ones are a little pricey .  Learned how to make my own capacitive stylus and am using them with good results .  The only way to get a better phone right now is shell out a lot more money .  You might get 3 more megapixels on camera .  But considering it has a laser range finder for focus I have nothing less than spectacular results .  The time to get this phone is now so hurry up unless money is no object . 
+	I really like the G3 .  Though ,  despite the large battery ,  I find my G3 seems to die a lot .  And when charging it can take up to five hours !  Other than the battery though I find it works great . 
+	Hi guys I hear a lot of people complaining about the lg g3 laggin so much well I found a solution that might help a lot of you as it worked for me just follow these hidden settings / features .  My G3 is very fast and smooth I'm on kit Kat I suffered the lag too I tried everything possible all the apps and factory reset I'm gona leave a link it's easy it doesn't need root and its safe good luck 
+	Really I loved this phone so much ,  In the past I was hating any android phones because I was using iPhone along with iOS system . 
+	But when I got this phone I loved android phones and LG products also .  Now I am using all the time and I didn't notice any bad features . I enjoyed with the camera and the high performance battery ,  but the most noticed this is the amazing screen quality ,  it is the best at all .  I am intending to don't change LG brand ,  Now I am thinking to upgrade to LG V10 when it will be available in my country . 
+	Just upgraded my LG G2 to G3  ,  im very happy at the moment ,  only for the few cosmetic problems around the mic .  Its seems common problem with G3 too bad it was brand new anymore ,  but if LG would change it ,  i will be happy : ) 
+	No problem ever auto focus camera lens in smartphone make little sound when u shake it because auto focus camera lens little bi move able when it focus thats why its no any problem to the camera  . i checked this in almost all phone  . 
+	Been using this phone for 8 months now and its incredible !  If you want better battery life lower brightness  &  dont play heavy games .  I did notice the D855 32GB model has fewer factory faults as well .  Ive been able to play any game without lag  &  havnt notice any issues so far .  If you get lag in the UI just speed up the animations or put them off  &  it will run like a beast .  As for lollipop ,  my phone came with it  &  it works fine I dont see any problems yet . 
+	very good phone
+	LG G3 is better 
+	Very good quality for small price .  The camera is excelente ,  the screen imagem very good ,  wi-fi is the best .  Very light ,  about 150gr
+	Just bought this phone last night ,  after only 24 hours use I feel I can say THIS PHONE IS AWESOME
+	m soo happy with LG G3 16gb .  .  .  It did all what i expect from it .  .  .  Only the negative point is its battery timing .  .  .  I think bcoz of its highly efficent display .  .  .  It doesnt matter .  .  .  Bcoz i love this .  .  . 
+	I dropped my phone in water .  And it still works perfectly fine
+	looks great with great screen 
+	I agree ,  no other phone feels this good in the hand and has this thin bezel .  BUt yes the software is abit laggy ,  im waiting for the Android M update and hoping it will resolve the issue
+	This is a great phone held back by poor software .  Ive used its rival the galaxy S5  &  you can notice it runs faster  &  smoother than the G3 .  The software is also much more optimized when compared to the G3 .  Dual windows supports more apps ,  S5 has more setting tweaks .  Finally this phone is amazing but LG couldv made it better . 
+	This phone is AMAZING .  Don't know why some people complain about different things .  If you know how to take care of your phone ,  the phone will take care of you .  Don't install all kind of apps ,  clean from time to time ,  do a factory reset from time to time ,  update and everything should be OK . This phone is fast ,  beautiful screen ,  battery is good ,  looks awesome and is very cheap . 
+	I have this phone since Dec 2014 .  I have no major issue with the phone except sometimes I tried to double tap the screen which should turn on the screen but it ends up on for 1 second and turn itself off again .  I had to try a few times in order to get it working .  Other than that ,  I have no bluetooth issue and battery life is okay  ( 1 to 2 days per charge ,  with data usage + web browsing for an hour ot two = 1 day /  charge .  
+	Excellent phone .  The LG hardware is the best out there on par with the Apple for look and feel .  LG software is good quality  ( email , calculator , tv remote )  ,  LG default themes are very child-like but once you de-clutter and customise it they are great devices . 
+	i enjoy my phone whole day .  read and listen first before update .  make a research . 
+	the phone is great its never slow no lag .  but the battery is not the best under heavy use you can see the battery going down really fast . 
+	Yes Camera is Fabulous  !  !  ! 
+	You can buy this  .  its awesome phone  .  great battery and features  . 
+	Go for g3 dude !  ! 
+	Everything is well except mobile hotspot function .  When I try it .  Message comes " Authentication was unsuccessful " 
+	G3 has nice camera
+	I give 101 out of 100 for look
+	it depends on how much u r planning to use this phone for watching and playing games .  btw ,  i dont play much or watch many movies on phones .  So m not the r8 person to ask .  but according to my usage ;  which includes watsapp ,  facebook on all the tym ,  4g and gps on all the tym ,  some casual gaming that too sometimes and offcourse music ;  dis phone lasts a day easily with around 20-25% battery left . Hope it answers ur ques ,  else ask the right person who spends majority of tym watching or playing games on G3 . 
+	I hav been using g3 since june and m loving each and every day .  Buy the 3gb ram version . 
+	I've bought this phone about 4 months ago .  1st 2 months with this phone were awesome
+	I have owned this phone for 6 months .  Great all round phone ,  body to size ratio is one of the best around ,  screen is nice and crisp ,  battery life is around 4-5 hours of on screen time ,  Will last 20 - 24 hours with moderate to heavy use ,  don't use it much for gaming as I prefer my ps4 . I have the 32gb 3gb of ram model .  Brightness I keep at 60% no auto brightness .  Rear facing speaker is ok but could be louder .  For the price a great phone and with the confirmed update to 6 . 0 coming pretty future proof . 
+	I Purchased G3 D858 Dual LTE a few days ago .  Its an amazing smartphone .  Has a superb processor speed ,  Rich resolution ,  software with an awesome user interface having rich features ,  powerful camera .  Battery life is far above than what people are commenting for .  So for I didn't find any issue with its performance .  I found this set top most of all the smartphones like lumia ,  p lite ,  xperia ,  even I found it far better than note 3 . 
+	I bought this phone .  I can say just I LOVE IT .  Before i was have a Sony z3 i can say its a also good phone but i chose to goo for LG G3 .  Many people say that this phone have a lot problem but why i dont have it  ?     They say Battery problem but i dont see that problem .  If you play a games of course batery will drain normaly
+	g3 is flagship phone and still future proof phone .  The build quality ,  looks ,  Music quality ,  Camera ,  Screen are just great .  If u can buy g3 ,  blindly buy it dude .  
+	I hav been using g3 since june dis year and m just living each n everyday wid it .  its an awesome phone
+	Yes it is a bit dim under sunlight ,  but i don't mind .  About gaming i don't play games on my g3 (  battery )  .  On paper 2k screen seems spectacular ,  but really i don't see much of a difference with a 1080p lg g2 .  Its just specs .  Overall the g3 ok for its price and honestly it has features which should be standard on all android phones .  As i said if you don't buy the g3 aim higher . 
+	best phone ever i had it about 1 week .  .  I love it .  .  Smart genious very fast and awesome display battery is amazing for those who say that the battery is bad i want to tell you that its a long life battery just keep your brightness on AUTO no freeze no faults 32 gega also is much better with 3G of ram i just love it
+	Hi i see your delima ,  i have the g3 its a great phone except the battery .  If you plan to play games then this is not a phone for you .  G3 has excellent standby time but on heavy us it trains very fast .  
+	i agreed its really a best battery superb phn it is like it alot have cat6 to faster
+	LG g3 battery is best it gives almost 34 hour backup on normal use
+	best mob for lg g3
+	Now its a good phone also ,  but i read anout bad softer hi have a lolipop
+	I am using LG G3 , 2GB Ram version . Everything is very good
+	I got a LG G3 2GB of RAM .  I really enjoy it .  
+	I love this phone and it's not a bad choice esp when it will get Android 6 . 0 soon
+	it works very smooth no lags ,  heating is a mild even i play heavy games with wifi and sometimes data connection . im very happy to have this kind of phone lots of features .  dula window is a wiiner and knock2 code as well .  and i charge it at almost 1 1 / 2 hours and sometimes 2hrs .  when i play a lot draining the battery is not kind of fast . 
+	no lags ,  no heating issue .  very smooth
+	I love this phone think its one of the best
+	I play lots of games on my G3 ,  I tried Modern Combat 5 ,  Leo's fortune ,  Implosion ,  Nova 3 ,  WWE Immortals ,  shadow fight 2 ,  it can play all these games without any issues ,  Snapdragon 801 handles it very well , 
+	Nope ,  no battery or heating issues so far ,  get the phone ,  experience the features ,  you won't regret
+	there is no overheating issues with 808 processor . 
+	Battery is not good I agree ,  QHD display consumes a lot battery ,  on a heavy usage I get around 3 hrs of SOT ,  not bad : )  ,  recently purchased One plus 2 and you have to believe me ,  G3 is a lot better . 
+	Go with LG G3 ,  no second thought about it
+	It's been only 4 months I have started using this phone .  .  .  . loving the features 
+	I'm fully satisfied with the phone
+	Thrice I dropped my phone ,  still no cracks on the screen ,  however already I applied tempered screen glass protector ,  don't take the chances better you go with tempered screen glass protector
+	A very good phone , had faced no problems
+	Phone battery is excellentvery good for medium to few heavy browsing / gaming .  G3 screen is a visual treat .  Except some noticeable lags in the UI ,  G3 is best bet in the price tag .  Hope LG fixes the lag as earliest .  I am using with 32gb internal storage but not tested with the performance if i add micro sd to it . 
+	Awesome phone good speed and display also camera
+	almost all are good
+	lg g3 the battery is better .  its not draining fast even i play an online game  ( coc )  or watching videos in youtube . and any social apps .  in normal usages it took a day befor it will drain . 
+	i really enjoy this device !  lots of Features .  lots of things to do !  : )  )  ) 
+	i brought this phone last monday .  and its a very nice phone .  the phone is D855 made in korea with 32gb and 3gb of ram .  the headset is made in colombia ,  charger and battery are made in china .  i really enjoy this phone with stock android version kitkat 4 . 4 . 2 .  i've read a lot about the update .  i want to upgrade the software but i feel smooth on my kitkat version . 
+	I am also using it for about 4 months now I feel the same .  The battery lasts a full day but if you play heavy games the battery drains fast
+	Absolutely brilliant .  S3 screen had over saturated colors ,  but g3 sceen is awesome .  Even if u dont want to use ur phone ,  then also u would just play with the screen just to look at it .  
+	One of the best sounding phones in the market .  I hav heard the music from HTC One M8 and it was great .  Though the music of G3 is not better than M8 but it is no less than it .  Its great . 
+	The Laser autofocus is great .  The camera takes great pics and videos .  No concerns in that part . 
+	its awesome .  Though the phone is made of plastic ,  it does not feel like plastic at all .  Build quality is also great .  just have the phone in ur hands and experience it .  The buttons at the back are innovative and actually more practical than the buttons on the side .  
+	The ease of use of this phone is at a high level .  Double tap to wake and double tap to lock makes the phone too easy to use .  Knock code feature is another great innovation from lg .  The phone does not hang or lag in general UI .  Its just fun to use this phone .  
+	Design wise is very nice ,  hands down for the screen ,  battery is pretty good taking in consideration the screen  (  a full charge is enough to get you through the day )  , 
+	Hey i have 6 months eith my g3  .  .  Is amazing phone .  .  U gonna be in love with his hd camera  .  . the other phone is good but it can win with g3  .  .  For me is best phone ever : ) 
+	Excellent screen including slim bezels Solid performance will run any task or game without lag Very good camera Solid software package  great design amazing earphones included
+	This is a nearly perfect phone .  Haven't experienced heating issues . 
+	10 months on and I couldn't be happier with this phone .  All screen ,  and the battery life is quite good .  Any  " lag "  issues must have been sorted out by the time I got mine .  I have none of that . 
+	Lg g3 is great phone
+	I am using lg g3 it is great phone . 
+	I have one and it has really good battery life and very little lag
+	I've have it for 8 months and 0 lag .  With a battery saver i get more than a days life out of it with text and internet .  Great camera too .  
+	This is a great phone overall its solid .  The battery life is good can last a full day but the stanby time is rubbish .  the phone uses like 5% every hour when idle and thats probably because of the screen .  Lets hope the future updates can reduce this issue .  But i can assure you this phone will blast through any game performance is top notch
+	I use this phone from 2 months i have full root and installed CloudyG3 2 . 5 everything is working perfectly except for that sometimes it slows down cuz of overheating and thats the only problem that i have for now
+	I've been using for a year and advise you to buy LG G3 ,  it works fine guys
+	I am using this LG G3 32 internal from last 8 months and its an awesome device
+	Superb Phone !  Battery life is pure awesome been using this daily and gives me battery back up for like 30 hours with wifi / 4g on moderate use while 18-24 hours with heavy use on one full charge !  No fancy battery apps or whatever installed .  I don't know why other people complain battery back up of this unit but my unit is working perfectly
+	Best battery and also fast 
+	It's amazing mobile
+	Hey g3 battery life is good .  One can get 4 . 30 hrs of sot easily if not playing games
+	Yes you are right .  The G3 is one of the best phones .  On the box it says winner of the global phone awards 2014 . 
+	When Full charged ,  and playing an online 3D game ,  I can only use my phone for a roughly 5hrs playing time . 
+	What you said is correct . I too was using LG G3 from past one year and had not found any lag . Even it is a 5 . 5 inch screen it is easy to operate with one hand . Camera is good . I am getting screen time of 5hours on heavy usage
+	I just got my LG G3 yesterday .  And I'm loving it !  LG rocks !  !  !  
+	Phone is buttery smooth , music and screen are awesome ,  takes great pics ,  records fantastic videos and battery lasts 35-40 hrs  ( according to my usage of the phone )  .  I am happy with dis phone
+	great camera for image and video recording and powerful sensor and 4k support with laser AF support and many other advantages 
+	screen size is awesome and 4k and have over 538 ppi pixel density
+	have great internal and external storage depend on which version u are using 16gb with 2gb of ram or 32 GB with 3 GB of ram
+	LG G3 specs are really good . 13 mp camera . 3000mah battery  . Excellent stuff .  .  android 4 . 4 . 2 I didn't care for with my Moto G  /  but I got the update to 5 and it was a great phone for the price .  Lollipop has a super battery management system .  My battery went from lasting 1 . 5 days to 4 - 5 days
+	I love lg g3 best smartphone
+	I would definitely go for G3 .  Bigger screen with higher resolution ,  faster processor ,  better camera and removable battery .  I have the G3 now ,  and it's much better than the S5 I've had before .  And S5 is much better than A5 ,  so just go for the G3 : ) 
+	this phone is amazing for anyone who wants to buy it but i must say the battery is average for 3000mah .  i tried everything even apps to save battery but still getting barely 4hrs screen on time .  by the way im a light user just use social networking at most and the battery drains even when im not using the phone with battery saver on .  the qhd display is too much for this battery . 
+	This is a great phone 
+	battery life of g3 is awesome .  .  i get 30-35 hrs regularly which is quite decent atleast for me
+	but g3 is overall more innovative ,  customizable and fun .  .  . plus i genuinly think the lg g3 looks really classy : ) 
+	the phone was superb
+	g3 best phone
+	It's beautiful
+	just bought my LG G3 D855 2weeks back .  .  . its really a great device .  . camera , sound quality and wifi are awesome
+	Not at all ,  everything is smooth
+	One of the best phones i ever used , it's very fast also can play 4k videos .  .  . 
+	I bought LG G3 few days ago and it is absolutely fantastic device .  Very smooth interface ,  very snappy and fast ,  excellent camera and display ,  gorgeous design .  The Wi-Fi works much better than on my Galaxy Nexus and has a way better signal under a same conditions .  Also ,  the 32 GB of inbuilt storage is more than enough and I wont go for memory card so far .  Also  ,  audio quality is great and the sound is superb .  I would rate the device 10 of 10 ,  best buy for 365$ only
+	I don't get some of the negative reviews .  I've had this phone for a week and a half now ,  under a Virgin Mobile plan in Canada .  This fan is perfect .  Absolutely flawless ,  and makes me lust for the G4 which was just released .  I've watched hours of Netflix on it ,  social networking ,  gaming and the battery life is just fine .  I think the problem is everybody's got a million things active on their phone all at once and it's going to drain any battery when you run GPS ,  Bluetooth ,  Wi-Fi ,  Wireless and who knows what else at the same time .  The battery charges quickly as well .  It's a beautiful phone and rivals some of the big money phones out there .  The camera and recording mike are awesome as well .  I recorded a friend's band playing live and everyone was shocked at the video and sound quality
+	Battery life is much better on note 3 .  Every note has great battery life
+	beautiful phone
+	I just bought it yesterday .  Moon Violet color .  It's beautiful ,  and pretty hard to find here in my country .  First boot up ,  straight update to Lollipop then I hard reset it ( you can find it on youtube how to hard reset LG G3 )  .  It's running like a charm .  Its fast ,  just a minor stutter every time I pulled down fast the notification drawer ,  mainly its because LG's software optimization .  yeahh it's a bit warm at the back of the phone when using heavy apps like youtube ,  a bit gaming ,  I mean every phone tend to heat a bit when running multiple heavy apps ,  what phone doesn't  ?     Camera is superb !  Love it very much .  Battery is good enough for me ,  standby time is excellent ,  when browsing the internet battery drops pretty fast .  Not like crazy fast ,  but it's enough to get through the whole day with average usage
+	If looks matter ,  then g3 is a clear winner .  No doubt about it at all . Snappiness: both have snapdragon 801 but G3  ( 32 GB )  model has 3 Gb of ram which comes into play if u hav many apps open at once .  Say ,  for instance ,  facebook ,  twitter ,  watsapp ,  google now etc .  So g3 is much better in dis regard .  s5 will re-launch the app ,  so its of no use
+	I feel the laser autofocus + OIS steals d show here .  Swift focusing with image stabilization hence better picture .  
+	my friend with an s5 saw my g3 and he was like - how good dis screen is .  So u can guess .  .  . better ppi means better screen claritySo ,  in d end ,  its a no brainer .  Go for G3 . 
+	G3 is the best choice . 
+	i'm using G3 about 4 months now .  everything is good . 
+	It's a superb phone . i love the screen size , 16GB memory , 3GB Ram .  .  . and my 12 pixel camera
+	It ported UI 4 . 0 and its superfast it doesnt heat up and your battery will last you whole day heavy use .  Before cloudyg3 I was thinking about selling my G3 but now I dont even care about any other phone ,  Running 3 users and its still super fast switching users .  Speakers is louder even listening too music with headphone sounds more superb .  Try it and I'm sure You will never regret owning G3
+	The phone is superb in every aspect .  the only issues were brightness  &  battery life but if u uncheck auto brightness n keep it on 50% u wont have a problem .  battery will last just over one day but heavy users wil have a problem .  That screen is the best Ive seen  &  even the S6 dosnt look that good as AMOLED screens are too blackish
+	I have my LG G3 D855 ,  running 5 . 0 OS for 3 months now .  No complains at all .  No overheating .  No forced reboot .  Battery back up is very good .  Am using the phone for internet only  ( internet sim 4g )  .  Playing games is great  ( Clash of Clans )  .  Camera is very good .  QuadHD Display is excellent .  No troubles at all .  Just waiting for the latest OS
+	good devices . already use for 1 year . just have a problem with the battery . if you want more powerfull . use custom rom with UI from G4 . love it . smooooth .  .  !  !  !  ! 
+	Honestly ,  water resistance in a phone is not such a big deal for me cos I may end up not utilizing the functionality even for one day
+	I recently bought this phone and I must say I like it a lot .  the design is great ,  I love the thin bezels .  no over heating problems so far with standard use  ( calls / sms ,  and an hour or two of wi-fi usage a day )  ,  camera is downgraded from G2 though ,  I miss the manual settings from G2 ( iso ,  wb , etc .  )  but still takes good quality pictures .  battery is decent ,  can last 24-36 hours depending of course on usage .  .  display is excellent but actually a bit too much  ( 1440x2560 )  ,  1080p resolution would've sufficed and probably extend the battery a bit longer .  UI is great too ,  I like LG's designs and customization options .  so far ,  I'm liking this phone a lot .  : ) 
+	Guys ,  i bought this beast after much research .  .  .  . This phone is awesome . 
+	guys the pix were awesome ,  better than my digicam
+	Speaker volume is high .  .  .  .  and music quality is top notch .  .  . 
+	Screen is awesome to look at .  .  .  . 
+	battery life is good .  .  .  .  .  gives me 1 day of full charge .  .  .  .  i use whatsapp ,  calling ,  camera ,  music on speaker ,  and 8 ball pool .  .  .  . 
+	I bought mine yesterday an charged straight away ,  by 3PM it was 100% .  It is now 5PM today  (  26 hours after )  ,  the battery is still 89% !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  really love this product
+	So I have the LG G3 LTE model and until recently was enjoying it very much but then the following happened .  .  .  The touchscreen is SUPER SENSITIVE 
+	Good battery life but inferior to predecessor
+	The camera is a great workhorse and will really turn out some good images ,  even under low light .  All told ,  there's little to complain about ,  save for the fact that my test unit was a Korean-specific model  ( I'd like to test the LTE and see how the battery holds out so review will be updated )  .  This should be one of the best Android phones you can buy right now and it will last quite a while in terms of specs
+	The size of the screen for the overall size of the phone is incredible and is what sparked my initial interest .  The 2k screen is very impressive to look at ,  but is a bit overkill .  I've heard that the human eye can't tell the difference much over 300 PPI  ( pixels per inch )  This phone has over 500 .  Most flag ship phones these days are over 350 PPI .  I have had no problems with brightness .  I have it set to 66% and auto adjust and it is always bright enough for me . 
+	The camera is very impressive ,  but has an annoying lack of features and I wish it had more .  For some reason the camera comes set to lower resolution then max out of the box ,  but can be easily changed in settings .  Low light shots are impressive and with the auto setting makes this one step short of a stand alone point and shoot . 
+	One of my favorite features is actually the IR blaster and the stock quick remote APP .  I will admit this is my first phone with a IR blaster ,  but it makes the hunt for the remote none existent .  I have programmed all the needed buttons for all my devices on to one screen .  The only real draw back is I have to aim a little more carefully than with my normal remote for it to work . 
+	The LG G3 is a beautiful piece of hardware .  The screen is not as responsive as I expected ,  and the phone gets very hot very quickly when playing games .  I was honestly expecting a more responsive experience with gaming on this phone than what it is capable of .  Coming from the 2012 Droid RazrM ,  my subjective opinion is that this phone is no more responsive than my old phone . 
+	Love this thing .  Its so damn fast ,  the display is gorgeous ,  build quality is great ,  and the camera is ballin . 
+	For me ,  this is quite easily the best smartphone in the market today . 
+	First ,  the phone feels really good in my hand .  I have larger hands so it might be a bit unwieldy for some but it was perfect for me .  I was also surprised at how heavy this thing is .  The button placement at the back seemed odd to me but after awhile I realized I wasn't accidentally hitting buttons as I always used to do when they are located along the sides or at the top . 
+	I moved from an iPhone to android with this phone .  It seems easy enough to use but not always as intuitive as my iPhone was .  The pictures are amazing ,  wish the screen was a little smaller ,  but overall a great phone .  I do quite a bit on it ,  so rarely does it make it the full day without me charging it .  I love having the buttons on the back of the phone for power and volume . 
+	I really love that I can have 2 screens open at the same time and my most recently opened app full screens will show on a summary screen to go jump back and forth from as well .  Also love having settings shortcuts at the top of the screen with a swipe since I like to swith on and off Bluetooth in my car or simply hit Airplane mode when I know I'm in a bad spot where the phone would suck battery looking for service . 
+	The phone is FAST ,  has a big ,  beautiful HD screen that shows lovely video when you stream .  Sound quality is pretty decent without distortion .  Takes a SD card !  Some I looked at didn't and thats a must for people who save a lot of stuff to their phones  ( I download a ton of Audiobooks since I often drive where there isn't phone service so streaming from the cloud won't work )  Battery lasts pretty well into the next day without plugging in and charges quickly .  It lasts a fair bit of time with several hours of continual media play .  I have had no glitches ,  frozen screens or reasons to shut off / reboot the phone .  I was able to get a nice 3-pack of rubberized covers that fit perfectly in a set with screen protectors ,  pen and soft wipe cloth for under $12 here on Amazon .  I've had the phone for about 45 days now and am still super happy with my choice ! 
+	Overall I think LG did a fairly good job of keeping their skin from being to overbearing .  I think it extends a little too far but that's just personal opinion .  I haven't switched launchers because this one is perfectly fine for everyday . 
+	Man this phone is awesome as far as design and feel goes .  The battery last all day and works really good .  The only things I did not really enjoy is the interface is a little ugly the skin that LG puts feels kind of cheap ,  I also don't like that the screen does not have the saturated colors Samsung has ,  the colors on this screen feel flat .  The camera I have to say is really nice and I was impressed .  I did not notice the laser focus on the camera focusing better than something like my iPhone . 
+	I love the customization of the phone - was a snap to get it setup the way I like and to transfer files from the PC for ringtones and wallpapers .  Google sync automatically transferred my account settings and apps - both nice ,  but scary that it kept all my WiFi connections and passwords from the previous phone . 
+	I love this phone ,  but on the other hand the battery life isn't as strong as I hoped ,  but it does stay charged long .  The graphics are amazing and the entire body of the phone is very durable ,  I also love that the screen is big !  ! 
+	The phone itself is very sleek and powerful .  Lots of great features .  The funny thing about this phone when I compared it in the stores it always was less bright than HTC or Samsung .  The unit I received as good or brighter that the demo unit
+	Very impressed with the quality and performance of this phablet .  Not the type of person to live every aspect of my life through my phone .  This device really delivers on the battery life and processing speed during web surfing and streaming .  Great aspect ratio for HD viewing .  FYI if you want to conserve battery life limit the the amount of time you view video in full HD .  My only con to this phone is the sound clarity on some of the phone calls .  I have been getting some static and distortion sometimes while talking using the speakerphone feature .  I would definitely recommend to anyone who's looking for a flagship phone but is not into the iPhone and Samsung craze . 
+	I really liked this phone but the battery drains so fast .  I only use it for occasional texting ,  that's it .  I don't have Facebook or other online social account .  I liked little stuff that LG offers such as answers the phone automatically when I pick up the phone ,  or silence the phone when I flip the phone upside down .  LG is currently offering extra battery and craddle charger for free if you buy it in US before 9 / 30  ( check LG website )  . 
+	Love this phone .  1 .  reception is top notch  ( it is supposed to be a phone right )  2 .  the screen is amazing ,  crystal clear .  3 .  Battery lasts about a day and a half for me .  I am a medium user ,  maybe 5-6 hours of checking mail ,  surfing and playing a day .  4 .  The only issue I have is it does have a little bit of lag sometimes ,  not horrible ,  but it is there .  Wife has the G2 which has no lag ,  but the screen is not this nice . 
+	Best phone I've owned so far .  Only downside I've found is that both cameras are so good that sending MMS videos is near impossible unless the video is about 2 seconds long .  . the files are just too big too attach because the resolution doesn't bump down enough !  I'm sure there will be a fix down the road . 
+	Love the phone .  Only concern is how delicate the phone feels .  Doesn't feel as tough as a normal cell phone .  The charging port is delicate as well .  Hope it will last the minimum of two years or when eligible for an upgrade if necessary .  Time will tell I guess . 
+	The phone is really sleek .  Even though the screen is bigger than most standard phones out there ,  the bezel and body of the phone are so well crafted that it doesn't feel bigger .  In fact ,  in my hand and pocket ,  it feels the same size as my old Galaxy S4 which has quite a smaller screen .  Although I thought the placement of the power and volume buttons on the back was odd at first ,  I quickly realized that made much more sense on a phone and loved them .  They were just in the right place for quick adjustments .  Even better ,  the phone has  " knock on "  ,  so to turn on the display when it's on a table or in a car dock ,  just double tap the screen and the phone turns on .  It's an amazing feature that I love . 
+	I saw this phone and fell instantly in love with it . I than started to do my research on this phone and other phones as well .  The only thing that my phone has ever done that is weird ,  but it is only once in a great while it does this . 
+	The phone is great and takes stunning pictures .  I always upgrade my phone every 20 months through Amazon  ;  the LG G3 for $ 0 . 01 was again a great deal  ;  but honestly ,  my previous phone ,  the Samsung S3 was a lot more stable as far as connecting to Bluetooth with my car  ( 2012 Camry )  . 
+	I have been using this LG G3 for the past few days .  I plan to give you an idea of what the phone is like and whether or not you should consider it when it comes time to upgrade your phone .  I have used many phones over the last couple of years including the Galaxy S5 ,  HTC One  ( M8 )  and the LG G2 .  I plan on using comparisons to some of these phones to give you an idea how the LG G3 stacks up against them . 
+	I am really impressed with the LG G3 after a week of ownership .  I am upgrading from a HTC DNA . 
+	Exactly what I was looking for .  Great phone ,  fantastic price and easy to set up .  Love the look and feel of the phone ! 
+	his phone is nearly perfect .  The screen is phenomenal .  Everyone that watches that demo video stares at it saying  " Is this 3D  ?     "  The sound is great .  The size is great .  .  .  but f'n AT & T just had to force LG to put PMA charging in it instead of QI .  WTF AT & T .  
+	This phone is pretty awesome !  The quad HD display makes for some of the clearest video quality I have seen .  The screen size is just perfect and fits in my hand well  (  I'm female with small hands )  .  Performance is very snappy with hardly any lag . 
+	I luv my G3 .  It's what I wanted and more .  Looking forward to learning all its capabilities . 
+	Got this Phone recently and was very happy with it ,  this Phone was not new but was used and in great condition ,  had to do a little reconfiguration to get the Phone to use less Battery and now it it is fine ,  the best Phone i ever own ,  like the 5 . 5 inch which is Perfect for viewing on line video
+	Excellent overall ,  I've had very few issues with it .  The whole  " UHD "  resolution screen is completely pointless though and when the screen is on this thing eats through battery like it's nobody's business .  Also ,  the laser focus is a total gimmick and I don't notice any speed increase over other cameras .  The front facing camera is also very washed out ,  almost to the point that it looks black and white in poor lighting conditions . 
+	I really do like this phone .  And I live it's huge screen size .  The power / volume buttons may take a little getting use to if you have never own another LG phone such as the G2 .  But you would rarely need the power button unless you were actually turning off your since ,  since you can wake up or put the phone to sleep by tapping the screen .  Thr screen resolution is great and very bright ,  and it takes amazing pictures .  The battery life is also very very good . 
+	Its a good phone .  .  .  maybe great .  .  I had it for a few months now .  nothing wrong but the sprint version doesn't have the LTE bands for other carriers . the only thing is the service .  Sprint sucks .  you literally only utilize half the potential of this phone Sprints LTE blows donkey chit .  I would not recommend them to even go to sprint .  with that saying ,  i guess you shouldn't get this phone either .  hah .  I have been a sprint customer for 6 + years .  too many broken promises of a greater LTE
+	Great phone .  I previously had a nexus 5 and this phone is way better .  Battery life is better than the nexus 5 but only above average .  I can get about 12 hours with my normal heavy usage which last me long enough .  The screen is amazing and the UI is better than the G2 .  The camera is great and takes amazing pictures and video .  Screen is slightly too large . 
+	I love this phone .  .  .  .  . not many people seem to have it .  .  .  .  . such a shame		
+	This is a very nice phone with excellent specs ,  it can do everything you expect from a smartphone and does it with style .  The screen is beautiful and is just the right size for me .  My only criticism is with the camera .  It is  " the "  reason I purchased the phone was for a camera upgrade .  The camera is nice ,  but the pictures have been very hit and miss .  LG advertised that the camera would be simple to use and it is ,  but I would like to have some more control over the settings .  Maybe I should have waited for the G4 . 
+	Wow .  After getting sick of my Nokia 1520 ,  I went on the hunt to return to android .  The contenders were the Fire ,  M8 ,  and the G3 .  The G3 won out and I couldn't be more pleased with my choice .  Screen is gorgeous ,  the phone is incredibly fast ,  camera is great and the battery lasts forever .  The design gives you a 5 . 5 inch screen but the phone never feels too big like my Nokia or the Note 2 and 3 I previously used .  One thing I have to mention is the keyboard .  It is the fastest and most accurate I have ever used on a phone .  Best phone I have ever owned hands down . 
+	The phone is absolutely wonderful .  In my opinion its probably the best android smartphone out there ,  with some of features offered by this phone only . It has a top notch camera  ( with laser )  ,  4K video recording ,  Quad HD screen ,  removable battery ,  wireless charging ,  expandable storage -- all tightly built into a gorgeous package . If you buy this phone ,  you will be hard-pressed to find any faults .  I had samsung note 3 and loved it - I love G3 more .  Highly recommended . 
+	I LOVE how this phone can be personalized .  From making any pic I want into an icon to the pink gingham background choice for texting ,  I'm in love : )  .  Also ,  the phone itself has pre-loaded icons so if you want to change any to something other than a personal picture ,  you can . 
+	The LG G3 is really a fantastic phone in every way .  I honestly had considered not getting this phone when I realized they were making it with a 5 . 5 "  display .  I have no idea when Android phone makers are going to stop thinking bigger is better ,  but I hope with the G3 ,  they have found the right size ,  and form-factor . 
+	The phone feels amazing in my hand .  The back has a nice curve to it so it can fit better in your hand .  The screen is huge but the phone isn't much bigger than the other flagship phone out there . The camera is the best that I have seen on any phone .  The laser make focusing faster and extremely accurate .  Even in very low light ,  the photos can be taken ,  but they don't have much detail and end up looking like a painting .  The camera app is very simple .  There aren't very many tweaking options ,  which I miss from having in the S3 . 
+	The screen is marvelous ,  with really good brightness and colors ,  and of course ,  sharpness .  If anything ,  it is a power hog ,  given the super high resolution of 2560x1440 ,  and its viewing angle is less than what you'd expect from an IPS screen . peaking of which ,  battery life is pretty good ,  but can be better .  Be sure to read up on how to enable Google's new ART runtime that will be the defacto standard from Android L OS and up .  It's a hidden developer feature that is a must do for any LG G3 owners .  Apps open and run faster ,  AND the battery lasts longer:
+	The physical design of it is great .  It is easy to hold and the knock and rear buttons features are very useful . The speakers sound decent and can get very loud .  I haven't had a problem hearing anyone .  I have also used the rear speaker for several hours of music and it sounds better than your standard computer desktop speaker  ( without a sub )  .  Not bad for a tiny little phone speaker . The camera is the best I have seen on any phone . 
+	This phone is pretty amazing .  I came from a Samsung Galaxy S4 ,  which is no slouch .  I decided I wanted the coolest and neatest phone out there ,  and after comparing it to the HTC One  ( m8 )  and the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,  this bad boy won out . 
+	LOVE this phone !  No side buttons is great ;  the  " knock "  to start feature is so much easier .  The apps are fast .  The phone is super easy to use and the picture is BEAUTIFUL !  Love that i can increase the size of the keyboard for texting - was having trouble with hitting the space bar between words - drove me crazy !  The sound is phenomenal and the battery lasts about 30 hours with medium use
+	Very ,  very nice phone !  I have the T-Mobile version of this phone .  I purchased it 3 days ago only .  The first 2 days ,  the batter life ,  was ok ,  and then today ,  it got a lot better !  This phone is smooth ,  with very little bloat ware on it !  It blows away the HTC One M8 .  No software issues .  at all .  It has the best UI out of all the phones that I have personally had .  The 2K display is nice feature ,  If you shoot videos in 2K .  
+	An excellent phone .  The screen is very large ,  and gets quite bright .  Using chrome it's silly smooth on WiFi and on 4g+3g ,  depending on service available .  Apps are smooth unless poorly optimized .  The 32 gigs of space are ample ,  and there's an SD card slot if you need more room .  The camera / video are quite serviceable ,  but I'm not exactly a prolific photographer .  
+	The screen is nice and sharp .  Very good for video calling and reading . I use a cell phone mostly for making calls ,  occasional reading and as a sports tracking device .  Also ,  for listening to music and checking on weather and news .  It is not my primary device for watching movies ,  and I do not play games . The photos made on this phone are really good ,  and video records are of superb quality . This phone really has a lot of useful features ,  such as controlling your data usage . 
+	With that said ,  LG G3 is a great buy .  It may not be the 'best' phone right now as it is already over six months old and other phones like Note 4 and Galaxy S5 that maybe slightly ahead of the game .  What I definitely like is the overall slick look with the LCD really taking up most of the design and looks much better than the S5 aesthetically speaking . 
+	great screen .  the resolution and quality of the screen is superb .  Coming from NOTE 2 ,  I really cant tell that much difference ,  but I can definitely notice a difference . the size .  although it has 5 . 5 inch screen ,  it feels much smaller than the Note 2 .  mostly due to sleeker bezel around the phone .  the smaller size makes the phone better to navigate with one hand . 
+	The LG G3 is truly a phenomenal phone .  I highly recommend it .  I love it .  It is amazingly fast ,  the screen is just beautiful and the sound quality is terrific .  Now ,  to expand on this . First ,  the phone is beautiful .  I have the gold one .  It is light thanks to the plastic ,  yet the case looks great .  It looks just as good as the M8 with the metal case but much lighter .  To achieve a wonderful curved phone that is easy to hold they put the power and volume buttons on the back .  I like that . The battery life is terrific . 
+	The phone is absolutely wonderful .  In my opinion its probably the best android smartphone out there ,  with some of features offered by this phone only . It has a top notch camera  ( with laser )  ,  4K video recording ,  Quad HD screen ,  removable battery ,  wireless charging ,  expandable storage -- all tightly built into a gorgeous package . If you buy this phone ,  you will be hard-pressed to find any faults .  I had samsung note 3 and loved it - I love G3 more .  Highly recommended . 
+	This is by far the best phone I've ever owned .  Of course ,  the only other comparable phones I've had were the Nexus 4 and S4 ,  which are both a year or more older .  But beside the point ,  one of the best features of the phone is it's screen .  It's tied with the Note 4 with the highest resolution screen that you can get on the US market .  Another great feature is performance .  Changing to Android's new ART speeds things up quite a bit . 
+	I love this phone .  The features make this phone top of the line .  Its so many new aspects that this phone has that I cannot explain all .  The best feature I like is the smart tips which keeps you abreast of things to make the phone work better .  The camera is wonderful .  I can actually take good pics in the sun unlike some of the other android phones I have owned .  The knock code is a cool feature that I use .  I also like the fact that I can press a button on the phone that will allow my camera to open without me having to unlock the phone .  I dont like that some of my favorite apps does not work on this phone .   ( i . e .  ESPN sportscenter )  GREAT PHONE . 
+	With that said ,  LG G3 is a great buy .  It may not be the 'best' phone right now as it is already over six months old and other phones like Note 4 and Galaxy S5 that maybe slightly ahead of the game .  What I definitely like is the overall slick look with the LCD really taking up most of the design and looks much better than the S5 aesthetically speaking . 
+	The LG G3 is an excellent device .  I get a full day of moderate to heavy use out of the battery texting ,  facebook ,  G+ ,  and browsing the internet .  The camera is excellent ,  taking super fast photos and very smooth video .  For a 5 . 5 "   " phablet "  the G3 actually has a very managable footprint in the hand due to it's very slim screen bezel .  Probably the best handling phone over the 5 "  screen size mark I have used .  Prior to the G3 I had the S5 for a while ,  Note 3 ,  and some others .  The G3 just fits in the hand so nicely and keeps it's massive screen very usable . 
+	The storage space is an amazing asset .  I highly recommend the 32G if you run a lot of apps .  I have already installed every app that was on my S4 and then some ,  and my phone hasn't lagged ,  choked or given me any space warnings . Expect a good battery life if you primarily connect your phone to WiFi ;  mine lasts about six hours with a wireless connection and four hours with a 4G connection  ( with location services on )  . 
+	Great phone ,  definitely check out the vibrant community .  If you are having trouble with lag ,  remove carrier crap and time down those animations ,  then this thing flies .  2 day battery life no problem . 
+	Best phone I have owned ,  by far .  I'm coming from an iPhone 5S and I was worried I wouldn't like it because I've had the iPhone since 2010 .  This phone just blew me away and opened my eyes to just how much Apple is far behind its' competitors .  I never knew what a smart phone was capable of until I got this brilliant device .  I'm not going to go into detail since there are plenty of other reviews that do that and are quite accurate . 
+	The LG G3 is the best Android phone Ive owned so far .  It is quick ,  stores a lot of info ,  the screen resolution and the features are great .  Apps start up fast due the the Qualcomm processor with NO hiccups or force closes .  The phone holds 32gb which is great for music and apps .  The screen resolution is 1440p which really does stand out on a mobile device ,  I download 1440p wallpapers to look at how great the resolution works ,  and wow ,  very impressed .  This phone has great features: open 2 apps at once ,  customization options ,  and my current favorite feature is Screen Mirroring ( Miracast )  which allows me to transfer what is on my phone to my TV .  For those wanting a great Android phone ,  this is a great choice . 
+	First of all ,  the screen resolution is stunning and gorgeous !  I thought the 1080p display on the Galaxy S5 was awesome ,  but this one creates a new standard for beauty and crispness ,  so much so that I sold my Galaxy S5 and got this phone instead .  I will say that ,  because of the beautiful display ,  the screen tends to get really hot at times ,  almost too hot to touch ,  but for me ,  it isn't a deal breaker ,  as I don't usually turn the display up past 80 percent or so . 
+	This phone is just awesome .  I love the huge screen ,  though I don't notice a resolution difference between it and the Galaxy S5 . The main pros: Speed .  Screen size .  Processing power . I also love the knock feature where you can wake the phone up just by touching the screen in certain places . 
+	Great phone .  I like the form factor .  Very responsive .  The battery life for me has been very good .  I use it primarily for texting ,  emailing and calling .  Battery lasts almost 1 . 5 days from moderate use .  I like the clarity of the screen .  For a 5 . 5 "  screen ,  the phone doesn't feel overly bulky or difficult to handle . 
+	Really nice phone .  If you buy this phone ,  and want to root it ,  make sure you do not update the software just after you activate it .  I'm running a lolipop rom on mine now .  Fast ,  and smooth phone .  I love it . 
+	Comments about  "  .  .  . lag .  "  are misleading .  This phone is fantastic for someone who replaced a flip phone .  This is my first smartphone and it is a wonder ,  this piece of technology known as the LG G3 .  I worried about the lag that others cautioned about .  I still purchased the phone because it was only a penny through Verizon .  I remember learning of this phone when it was first released .  It was a phenomenal phone then ,  and still is . 
+	Absolutely awesome phone !  Why  ?     Now using it a full 72 hours it doesn't seem to have any flaws for me .  Screen is great OS runs very smooth on this phone ,  camera is great and it's fast !  A few things at least I don't believe get reviewed about phones nearly enough: 1- the sound of music via Bluetooth in my car is flawless  ( very iPhone-like )  2 - usb on-the-go is awesome .  I can download music pics movies and then save them onto a thumb drive .  For that matter u can back up the entire phone to usb  ( no computer necessary )  .  And 3- if u toggle off data ,  this phone will last a full  ( and I mean literally )  48 hours ! 
+	Battery is great ,  easily gets me a day with heavy use .  The 2K screen is really sharp ,  although not amoled .  The camera shoots well and the laser autofocus is great .  The buttons and the back are my favorite part even if they took a little getting used to .  The entire design of the phone is great and is very comfortable with small bezels .  I have had no heating problems as others have said and the removable back is a nice touch .  The IR sensor gets decent range  ( 5-15 ft )  . 
+	This is hands down the best smart phone on the market .  Here is a list of previous devices recently .  Moto X ( 2nd Gen )  ,  iPhone 5s ,  iPhone 5 ,  Galaxy S5 ,  Galaxy S4 ,  HTC One ,  .  Thats just a few .  I have tested all of these out and found that the LG G3 surpasses them all . 
+	Wow what a phone .  Every feature seems to be tailored fit to me ,  the perfect combination of the galaxy line and the htc ones .  The biggest downfall is that 1440p screen draining the battery so fast ,  It always lasts me a full day though ,  giving out right before i fall asleep with heavy web browsing .  I've had the htc one m7 and the note 3 and would never go back .  The knock on knock off feature is going to keep me using future lg flagships for years to come ,  i couldn't imagine going back to using buttons to wake my phone up .  Speaker is nice and loud too .  Its hard to tell from the picutre but the grey part on the bottom is coverd in the same glass that covers the screen ,  no seams ,  just solid glass top to bottom . 
+	Bought this as a replacement for a damaged phone .  This was a much less expensive option than sending it for repair .  No activation required ;  simply move the SIM card from the old phone to the new one and make a call .  Easy . 
+	Quick delivery  &  meets expectations .  .  Thanks ! 
+	Came in very good condition ,  pleasantly surprised .  Great features  .  Its like buying a new car ,  if you wait til the next model year you can pick up a used one for a decent price . 
+	The best cellphone Ive used ,  easy and good battery life ,  great photos !  !  I bought one then purchase another for my husband . 
+	Over a year of use .  No issues .  Solid as a rock .  Wife has one too .  Thumbs up to LG . 
+	Absolutely love this phone !  I purchased this phone from Amazon warehouse as  " near new condition "  sold by Amazon ,  The phone appeared to be new and unused though the box was opened at one time as evidenced by the security tape that was broken .  I popped in my AT & T sim card and was activated as soon as the phone booted up .  I examined the device thoroughly and could not find a single flaw on this phone ,  not even a micro scratch on the glass screen .  Since I own the phone outright without a contract AT & T emailed me the unlock code for the device without any problems at all .  Overall It is a great phone ,  and considering what I paid for it I could not have found a better deal anywhere
+	Bought this product for my Father in law .  He loves the size of the screen .  I wanted to get him something that was up to date with the new OS versions but not to expensive .  He had a 2 or 3 year old phone ,  so the upgrade to this phone was at a nice point and over filled the bill for what I wanted to get for him . 
+	had the phone about a year now ,  haven't looked back to my droid turbo  ( had 3 junk ones )  i will keep this for as long as i can stand to use it based on speed alone .  phone functions great ! 
+	Arrived very quickly and I feel in better condition than described by the seller  ( ecellular )  .  I got this for my wife to replace her old iphone ;  she had been looking to get a new Note5 - locking in to a $850 phone did not sound like a good idea and I'm so so relieved that she was open to giving this a try .  She was skeptical of buying a used phone online but has been extremely happy w /  it so far .  It came well packaged ,  w /  a new wall charger and totally wiped and ready to go . I am probably going to get one for myself as well and will buy it from ecellular . 
+	Excellent purchase .  Very clean .  It has become my son's new BFF !  He loves it !  Exactly as advertised .  Would love to do business with this seller again ! 
+	I love my phone !  It's just the right size and is so customizable with add-ons from the Google play store .  Charges fast and lasts a reasonably long time .  Best phone I've ever had . 
+	I used to have this phone for a short time before switching carriers ,  and when I switched I ended up with the Galaxy S5 .  After having it for a while I started to miss my G3 .  The phone was awesome .  Yes ,  the battery wasn't that great due to the awesome display .  And yes ,  your battery would drain faster and start getting quite warm during long use at high brightness .  I'm happy that tonight I'll either be ordering the G3 again ,  or the G4 . 
+	I knew when I bought the LG-3 that it was a great phone .  What I was worried about buying a used phone . It turned out the vendor that I purchased the phone from listed as very good condition .  Well ,  its perfect !  Could not tell that it was ever used .  Most importantly is that it works perfect .  When I need another phone ,  I will check with Edge Celluar first . 
+	Have not had any issues with this phone !  Got it for $1 too ! 
+	EXCELLENT smartphone .  I'd owned several Galaxy phones ,  one I used with an AT & T service that was buggy to defective ;  and the other two through Verizon that simply did not perform up to snuff .  The hardware ,  specifically the male power port ,  gave way due to my habit of using the phone while charging .  .  . which tugs and damages the connection pin .  .  .  I had been using an LG LTE ,  which was economical and sufficiently functional ,  except the photography function was poor .  My mobile phone guy  ( a Pageplus dealer )  recommended the LG G3 . 
+	I've been using this phone for about a year now .  Its been great so far and it runs very smooth .  I usually have multiple apps open at once and the battery life is still great .  I was drawn to the gold version because it seems unique as i haven't seen phones in this color before .  The camera takes high quality photos .  I love that the power and volume rocker buttons are on the back ,  it makes it easier to press them .  My only complaint is that I wish the headphone jack was on the top of the phone rather than the bottom . 
+	This cell was almost in mint condition .  Refreshing to see . 
+	I've been using this phone for over a year now and I still have no desire to upgrade .  The phone has all of the features that the iPhone 6s just added without the added length on the phone .  As well this still has the highest quality mobile screen that you could ask for .  Amazing phone ! 
+	I love this device even though I've never actually used it as a phone .  If that sounds a little crazy ,  let me explain .  I don't like phablets - I think they are silly : )  - for me the iPhone 5S is the perfect size ;  I don't know what I'm going to do when it's obsolete - maybe sanity will prevail and  " small "  phones will make a comeback . However ,  I was also bitten by the VR bug - and for this the iPhone 5S is woefully inadequate: Retina display is normally great but when magnified it looks terrible .  I needed something with a better display at a reasonable price .  This LG has a fabulous QuadHD display that looks great in a VR viewer .  So I can't comment on its qualities as a giant phone but as a wireless device for playing music ,  podcasts ,  and especially 3D VR content ,  it is simply outstanding .  That is until the Oculus Rift is released .  At that time I'll be putting it up on eBay . 
+	This is the best smartphone I have owned so far .  That would be LG g3 > htc one-x > iPhone 4 . The best feature by far is the ability to edit / change the touch buttons for back ,  home ,  and active apps .  You can change their locations and their icons . 
+	Ok so far so good I have had this for about an hour and MAN I'm happy !  I didn't want to upgrade and pay upgrade fees to Verizon or give them more money they annoy me so I held my breathe and I ordered this fully prepared to be annoyed and regret my purchase but so far this device is EXCELLENT they even sent a charger . 
+	Absolutely in love with this phone !  Great pic quality  ( and I take a lot of pics )  ,  durability ,  battery life ,  it looks great and has the cost wasn't that bad !  Would definitely recommend ! 
+	Very nice phone .  Would highly recommend .  Perfect screen size and beautiful display .  And having the buttons in the back was a little awkward at first ,  but is very comfortable to use .  It also came days early ,  which had me very excited . 
+	This screen protector is awesome .  I have applied quite a few over the years but this was by far the easiest .  Now that it's on ,  it is completely invisible .  It was definitely worth the extra few dollars . 
+	absolutely fantastic phone .  best phone on the market .  note ,  galaxy ,  iphone ,  etc doesnt compare .  this phone is superior in all ways .  im amazed i got this phone for under $600 .  .  . 
+	Works great  ,  multitasking is really good  ,  phone is just beautiful and one of the best looking hands down .  This is my frist LG phone im coming from a Samsung Galaxy S5 and i happy i looked into LG .  This is money well spent
+	Awesome Phone ,  was a little big at first but i got used to that super fast .  Bought it refurbished and couldn't be happier .  The price was better ,  and there are zero problems with the phone .  No scratches ,  and the phone runs perfectly . 
+	I love love love this phone .  I paid $280 for it on Prime Day ,  as a Warehouse Deal ,  and I'd do it again in a heartbeat .  It works perfectly and I love a lot of LGs features .  The IR blaster has been so much fun to use ,  and I love being able to tap my security knock on the black screen to wake the phone up and unlock it at the same time .  LG did a lot right with this phone
+	Fantastic phone !  Delivered on time and the replacement had zero issues !  Buy this and you will never look back .  Highly recommend this product !  Easy setup and DOES work for verizon users ! 
+	I just got this phone today and wanted to let anyone know that might be wanting to use it on one of the BYOD or BYOP services .  It appears that it works on Tracfone since they approved it immediately .  I have ordered the sim for it for $10  ( micro )  ,  and hope for the best .  I have been using Tracfone for about 2 years ,  and have upgraded to this phone .  If you are not a heavy user like me this might interest you .  I haven't found much letting anyone know that this particular phone works on their service ,  but evidently it does .  I'll update if I have any problems ,  but don't expect to . 
+	Nice phone which I could get unlocked the day I received it .  I like the size and the phone works well .  There was a good deal going on when I bought it and hence the 5 stars on this review . 
+	I upgraded my LG G2 to this LG G3 .  So this is more of a comparison . This phone is a bit larger in width and height-Good thingIt has a removable battery  ( unlike the sealed G2 )  . Battery life doesn't seem to last as long for sure .   ( good thing you can buy and have a back-up ) 
+	1 Month Review: I bought this phone after my LG G2 had taken a hard fall and stopped working ,  and I have got to say i'm glad i stuck with LG .  The LG G3 Is an amazing device with a beautiful 1440p display and suprisingly a great battery life considering its powering a 5 . 5 inch 1440p display .  The overall design of this beast is amazing .  It fits well in the hand and just looks amazing .  The durability of this phone is also way better than the G2 .  Watching videos on this phone is just breathtaking .  Back to battery life ,  with a low usage I can last all the way till 11 at night  ( I unplug at 6:30 a . m roughly )  .  With a more moderate to heavy use i can last all day to about 5 with 4 hours of onscreen time at 50% brightness .  Overall a sexy fast and amazing product .  Thank you LG
+	The phone I received was in New like quality .  I was very impressed with the phone and the battery seem to hold a charge well so I am impressed with that too .  The charger though was a slow charger and slightly damaged .  Even though they warn you the charger would not be the one from the box ,  I felt that was a bit cheap .  Still ,  I wanted a good phone and got an almost New one so I have them five stars . 
+	Absolutely amazing phone ,  even with today's  " new and improved "  more recent devices ,  this phone is more than up to the task .  I can't recall it ever stuttering ,  the battery life is better than my iPhone 6 ,  and the display is gorgeous .  If you don't like the LG skin over the software ,  just download a new launcher ,  I mean it is running Android .  I love the ability to customize one handed use options ,  and especially the soft keys and their functions at the bottom .  Android L was made for this beast .  I don't think I will ever move back from LG ! 
+	This phone is fantastic !  It is speedy ,  light ,  comfortable ,  large ,  and lasts forever .  I bought it new from AT & T ,  and have loved it since I unboxed it .  I've had a history with lots of phones ,  but this one is my favorite .  The worst issue is with onscreen text sometimes appearingto be blurry ,  due tosuper high resolution .  In other words ,  the phone is TOO good .  : )  Much better than the S5 in every aspect ,  and the camera is amazing .  Must buy . 
+	Screen is fantastic .  True ,  vibrant colors .  Very crisp . when storage . Ui is simple yet thorough . Top notch specs .  Games run very fluid . Battery life is great .  Gets me through an 11 hour day as a car salesman making 30+ phone calls a day and much web browsing . 
+	Excelent phone !  ! I use it all the time . 
